[Music]
Good night family Good night
family that has been heard has been heard
I heard something even stranger there.
I heard the echo that you put on me
You don't have me there, Triumph.
Good night
a technical problem Well good night
We are here in a very live
expected we were really looking forward to doing
This direct I had it too I am
Tonight you will be in super good company.
I present here in is with me tonight
Well first of all Trium I don't know if
A lot of introductions are needed, we've already
done some things with him triumph is a
my friend, and then we meet in
person and you have to thank him/her
70 to 80 percent of this is direct
is possible because he has done a job
impeccable they have their channel that I'm going to tell you about
to recommend it there is what it says that it is a
name a little complicated, you know
You could have put José, I'll tell you the
only complicated
Let's see if you had put José
and my people find you a little more
easy but good guy, delighted with Javi
Because I would love to know the reason for the
name
[Music]
You already know him and I was doing it with him
Marta del Castillo special that was left
an incredible job and I hope it succeeds
Tonight there is also a live broadcast.
that it does not go unnoticed that he hears the
Last time we made a trend all the
week I also tell you eh
But then there is also with us one
very important person in this case ex
Homicide Police Officer Oscar Tarruela
very good evening and delighted to
to know you, I didn't know you until now
a while Good night a pleasure through
Javi told me that it was good that he gave it to him
Nice to be with you and yes Javier, yes
José tells me that Javi is a person
absolute confidence because for me you are
I appreciate that too.
I also appreciate it. Well, it is a
person very involved in the case
We are going to talk today because he has followed her
very close and it was essential and for
speak well and in good conditions about this
I was afraid you were here at Oscars
I really appreciate it. And let's see.
for José Because not only with this case
José is always involved with everyone
cases and with the families and that's why
always empathized from day one
that we met because
For me, the real victims are not
those who leave are those who stay
Here their families are destroyed
real victims in reality That's why
I always say that I look through memory
of the one who leaves but I look for the true
victim who are the ones who stay Yes the
It's true that yes, in fact. Well, I don't know if
Oscar wants to explain a little about the
involvement and the relationship you have
with the case
in case biondo initially
Well, it's been many years since I
I learned about the case
Obviously I found out like everyone else
citizen no and even in my book
I put I didn't put that
which is considered very important by the How
The whole country found out because everyone
world we find out in a way
so much
sordid no that if a boy
he hung himself like David Carradaen, who said that if he was
an erotic game that if it was a boy
cocaine [ __ ] in the end that's what it is
penetrated public opinion and
and so I put it, I expose it in me, in my
book because
I think that's what we do.
homicide officers sometimes start
from Zero
you don't know someone's life AND
you start from scratch you start to get to know the
person who died as he did
Who he moved with How he felt which one he was
your personality and from there you extend
to all your circle of family and friends
known whatever it is then really
For me it was very
Well I was in a time of
leave of absence from the police but always
It was a case that gave me a lot of attention
and years later when
I started doing forensic expert reports
a great friend and companion of myself
body and also of myself
promotion of the same seniority as it is
Luis Duque great criminology and
professor at the University of Barcelona
I remember that I had made a report in
the fact that
Well, in the end they forced us to sit down.
in the dock to the coroner of the first
autopsy of this case then one day
Speaking, I told him, "Well, what did it seem to me?"
a mind-blowing case and he himself
Oscar said, I would love to and I think that
the family also knows your opinion
I have done so on the case since a
purely focused
a criminologist And although we both had
the same formation and each one with the
years specialized in different subjects
no, my thing is more research
purely criminal and profiling
criminal
and although I can study the phenomena
in forensics and cadaveric and he
Well, it is very
the specialty so that they understand it
the
your followers would be Well a little
scientific police csi what is
conventionally understood as
forensics
And that was how he contacted me with the
family and from there
Well I studied the cause and years later
I ended up becoming one of the
fundamental judicial experts in the
cause why Here in Spain it was filed
of compass with passmosa in speed to the
point that it would be a month and a half things
thus up to the free foundation and
definitely something that never happens in
our country and that's good now when
I started to receive all sorts of information
Through the family I saw that it was clear that
there was a case
with great darkness with great
concealments and well And as they have
As the years have passed, each time it has been
worse no
which was in fact the report that it was
the one who determined good was the one who
It was reported that Mario had died
lying with pressure on his face
died in a position other than the
which was then presented to him
so so so
contributed No in fact Luis Duque what
did is to question the work
of the Spanish coroner to such an extent that
He was taken to court for
Document forgery is a shame for me
for me not because of Luis's work that
for me it was impeccable and the and the
expert who made
the expertise in document forgery
For me, what failed here at the beginning
Well first the Spanish justice is
Of course, but one is that the family is
has to put on his own what
failed for my taste was
lawyer because even the coroner himself
when he sits him on the bench,
himself recognizes that in any case his thing
it could not be a forgery
documentary but of bad practice
touch your balls, it's that he himself
This says that it was Oscar's profession, yes, yes.
That is to say, this gentleman is reported for
part of the family contributes these
reports and says things as serious as
These and much more, such as
come to recognize that he never opened the
skull when he in the report said that
yes he opened it never examined it
contents of the stomach when in its
report
He certified that he did and of course we know this.
thanks to a second autopsy in Italy
that although it also has many
irregularities at the very least
puts it on
directly ridiculing the coroner
Spanish because among other things
find content in the content
gastric
Well, chunks, well, meat fragments in
the brain they find a hematoma
subdural of great consideration then
clear
and this gentleman can't think of anything else
forensic for calling him that Spanish that
say that he himself created that program
computer and that by default puts
head without legal medical interest
empty stomach and according to him it is because the
program that he himself created touch your
eggs says that
It's by default then Javi by default
Imagine when I was an instructor
in a group of homicides would have put
that by default I know, well the
Marta del Castillo's footwear that is not
my case obviously I am putting a
case Well, it would have been a death
accidental because it is set by default by my
computer program what a disaster it is
Of course we can talk about what is a
disaster but that is a crime
It's a shame I repeat again that it is not
he pursued the crime for the crime
correct for me in my opinion and not
was condemned by someone Let's see, it's not
wrong to prosecute him for forgery
documentary but it is very difficult to
demonstrate it to me then explain what
Yes, I would have looked for him because
example of obstruction of justice
for malpractice and other types of
crimes
but I think that here what is good is
what failed is poor legal direction
with a bad strategy and finally
This gentleman got away with it but was left
clear and
proven that never
performed the matacasperk maneuver
opened the skull that is not really
It was a good thing, beyond a disaster.
because on top of that we are talking about the
the same coroner who not only did the
autopsy in the morgue but
This gentleman was the one who was in the
lifting of the corpse in its
home
still after after the topic of o
even with all the irregularities of
The autopsy is more serious for me.
still what he said about him
They said the judge does not see there but that
That's a suicide, not something like that, I don't know.
exactly the concrete words but
that when he goes to the uprising he already goes
with the mind thinking that it is suicide
as if to say, Hey, that was more or less it
that declared my judgment How good that he
It was by order of the judge that that
It was suicide that was not complicated
much of life we ​​go more or less what
I understand what what what what
That's good for me, that's passing the buck.
off the field I mean it's very
easy to blame others or me
I would be the same as a judge as
in charge of having been a police officer
judicial told me that well Oscar sees
as the judicial police officer responsible for your
group sees that it seems to me that it is a
suicide Well, look, your honor, to me
Let your honor tell me about that aspect.
being a professional
with all due respect
I will make my report, I made mine
research based on what I see and
created under my expertise and experience
It is not what they tell me it is, I think
rather than
That whole statement he makes is a lie
after a lie just like your report and well
That Unfortunately I consider that it is not
He is being pursued for the crimes he committed
must have pursued that
I must admit that today I do not
would be prescribed and could be
chase
Today they would not be prescribed. No
Of course, this gentleman was judged only for
falsification of documents, therefore
When you play, they play you for one
cause for a defined crime, that is, you
if they report you for assault
sexual does not mean that you will not get it later
can be reported by the same person
for fraud, for example
Okay, interesting anyway because
There are people who are a little lost in the
chat right now Then let's go
Starting from the beginning now later
from the intro so people go
going into context a little bit now
Let's tell you how he spent all his hours
the circumstances what I would like
Oscar and Jose first before before
giving way to the intro is to comment that the
topic that also has many people in it
chat that is telling me I am looking forward to
I'm looking forward to knowing, I'm eager to find out.
looking forward to the release of the week that
the documentary is coming, not that the subject is
right now as booming again because
Netflix has announced and just released a
trailer for a realism documentary
I understand in some way where they are going
to give a key to this case but of course
the information you have and how
a little information comes from this
documentary that is going to be released I think
It's a little different. Well, I think that
The one who has to speak here is Oscar
that one is also a participant in that
document is a participant or rather but
appears in the documentary Oscar arrives at
appear
As of today I don't know if I will appear or not.
I recorded with them because the family went and
then subsequently or
almost fine on my return trip to see
and feel, let's say
Well, as I would tell you, all the
questions were directed in a way
captious
that made Well then I will explain to you a
little not how it happened And how we
we learned and the precedents before
the recording But in the end we discovered
In short, who was behind it?
documentary producing it was the
self-proclaimed and I will not tire of
put it this way, Raquel Sánchez's former manager
Silva is not a presenter
Raquel Sánchez Silva's former manager is
the one behind the documentary
We are talking about the direction of
production production
there up to five production companies created with
I don't know what this goal is for
They need five and less being also
the ones with names but well there is That is the one
evidence and then if you want I'll explain it to you
How the events happened a little
because the story that arrives has a lot of fabric
until that day of recording
first initial of the parents of
Okay, before we get into the topic.
I would be interested in talking about this with you.
now before minutes before while
we saw each other While preparing the
direct is locating a little the
networks to see what they were talking about
topic and so on and I came across this
clip of Alex Blake how good Jose you do it
knows that he is the boy who was
We were with him and Itay's mother
Jeremy no
connects
Ok then
This guy has this click, I don't know if it will be
an interview that he did with this
Mr. the school is an Italian journalist
Who investigated the cause is also a
Italian journalist who investigated the
Cause Okay, well, look, look, how curious
that what this man says here also
that I have taken I have taken the clinical
Because look, it suits us very well.
collation with what we are talking about or
I think it is a documentary where
It is important to talk about Mario
participate in all ways so that
can defend itself in any way OR
whether if I go up there are people who
They use it and what happens is that they didn't tell me
This particular thing that I didn't know, that is, no
I can tell you nothing, I can tell you nothing about what
we try because
has a rights link
Yes, what I don't understand is that
because they didn't take me for real
who was behind behind or rather me
I met Raquel and I had a relationship.
quite
Well, we were able to talk.
immersed in contact because I am not that
was alone to defend the family or
be I wanted
talk with
both parties Then I had the
opportunity to speak many times with
William
that is, basically
they contacted him he also came to
sign like some rights I don't know if
rights or confidentiality or something for
the style and they hid from him who was
behind documenting has made me many
thank you because we just just just
Oscar told us that there were several
producers behind the same
documentary that is somewhat strange does not seem
There are certain movements like
We are going to create certain production companies for
here and there and then we'll see which one it is
the the responsible Not in fact in fact
everything happens in the following way
to me I
I keep the friendship and I want to continue
thinking that he is a friend of mine He is also
one of the current directors of
Netflix Spain not the top boss but yes
one of the top executives that I
I've known him for longer than I know.
in 12 13 years and
He offered me years ago two years ago and
half things like that offers me that you
I would love to make the case
from the investigation into the death of the
poison that I also made the expert report on
Cristina's Then
Well, and he also insists a lot because
because after the success of the series
of the javis even if it is fictional and
It seemed very interesting to do it later
what would come next is not what it is
the investigation into his tragic death No
I told him that it seemed very good to me
It also seemed that Netflix was taking a step
forward no As for the Standard a
the normalization of the rights of the
LGBT collective But anyway The thing is
that we were talking and he told me that he was
a project that he wanted to lead and
I'm having a good time, I don't remember one
month, month and a half, two months, well, he told me
that from above their top bosses do not
they didn't see it
finally
Well, nothing happens, don't worry because
That world is like that and to me
Honestly my job is not to do
television, that is, sometimes I appear but
My job is not to solve
crimes then good
nothing ago, that is, last year would be before
Well, I don't remember about autumn or summer.
Well, he calls me again. In fact, he calls me again.
He called, I had a missed call, I made him
the joke on Whatsapp What's up Have you
wrong phone number for a joke and I
He said, "Call me right away. Don't be an [ __ ]."
Oscar Mira we want to propose to you. So what?
Does the Mario Biondo case seem to you?
Netflix
And I told him, Mario, the case of
Mario Biondo, I can already guarantee you that
other producers had tried it
of very large ones, even that he
They had handed over the project not only to
Netflix but also Prime to all
big and no one dared to take on this case
No one has ever dared And then
Then I told him clearly, with those
background I told him. Well then I
It seems very good and I'm going to tell you one thing
thing is the case with capital letters in the
sense that I understand What for them
It means that it has all the
ingredients No, well
The widow is a famous presenter
death is
in strange circumstances
a lot of occultism on the subject
and influences etc. not then
I tell you, it seems to me the case with
capital letters but you have to have two
balls to do it to do it right
not as for example it should have been
made the case to the case in the end
It's funny because the first time I
Oscar said today, but I'm not coming.
From the world of Prime you have great
known in the production companies
because you have worked in
many topics of many crimes and me
I would like to give your opinion on who it is
would you do That was the reflection of this
manager And then I said to him, look, I
Honestly with the only one
production company that would do it currently is
with
with goroka
It is the one that commits crimes that commits crimes
crimes in Movistar
And well, I contacted him, of course, since I
since he told me that it seemed like a good one to me
It seemed like a good idea to them, so I contacted them.
the managers
to the CEO and was also extended to the
presenter to Carlos Porta so that to
to think about whether they felt like doing it
This format for Netflix
and everything seemed to be moving forward, I guarantee you.
that in this type of cases I take and I
I put aside and more being an expert and
I tell them I'll get in touch with you and I'll get back to you.
I am so calm whether I participate or not in it
documentary That obviously is going to
participate but without charging a single thing
cent just as I tell you Well then
Well I can't tell you the answer.
exactly what Goroka told me because they had
certain trade agreements But what
Yes, I can tell you that Netflix will never
He called me back to find out what it was
been my conversation with this producer
So now we're getting into Christmas.
Every Christmas, as you know, Jose tries to
congratulate all the families with whom
that I have solved some cases I have been
participating in any case or that is
as a police officer or as or as an expert
judicial
and in January when I congratulate the new year to
Santina, Mario's mother, I meet her
a bit strange, isn't it? And then I tell him
Sandina what happens and it happens a bit like that
that this journalist has mentioned
Italian who tells me
Damn, Oscar, he signed a contract.
of confidentiality Well, it is that and to
finally admits to me that until now
recording in Rome with a production company that
It is not the same one that later contacts me
me but that is behind it and
same people who have finally
produced this documentary between
them and mainly the
self-proclaimed manager of
Raquel Sánchez yes, then of course I
Of course I'm not going to be upset.
never with the family because the only thing that
do
The expected thing is to try to give voice
and that it is known what could have happened to him
son that is more than clear because already
Even a judge from Palermo has given us the
reason and that it is a murder
So of course it bothered me but no
It bothered me By Santina It bothered me
For this Netflix executive with whom
Even though I feel like a friend to him
It was never heard from again It is true that this
Sir, you have bosses who agree and good
Well, Andina told me this. She told me this.
Well maybe you'll contact us, Oscar.
But how curious
that they selected very well who
wanted to contact And who No because I
when they called me to put them to
test and even named them
several Spanish journalists As I could
be Carlos Bustos as it can be about
everything in Andrés Guerra of the vanguard
who always followed up from the
avant-garde but of course what a curiosity so
big No, Andrés will not quote him
because Rachel had sued them towards
approximately two years
according to her for a crime against honor
for chasing him as if he felt
harassed by Andrés Guerra and by the
vanguard So it was a demand to
two bands for
mute good mute in this case to
the vanguard that was the only means
who dared to
regularly talk about that never
Obviously he lacked nor put in the
trigger nor did he ever deduce that it was
Raquel is not responsible in any case
simply because it must have bothered him
because she always opposed the
investigation of this case
and well, some time later we know that the
Justice is slow due to lack of resources
and by strikes and so on and finally the
The provincial court ruled in their favor
both La Vanguardia and
like Andrés but how curious that
they weren't he specifically wasn't
cited because among other things it could
having said and expressed this in the
documentary and I don't think this apparently
With the intentions I see, I shouldn't
interest them
What happens when they call me and I
They say that I'm already participating.
quite
fly by Santina's reaction
and I told them, I also had one
conversation with the team and I said let's see
whatever it is and however it is, I'm not going to leave
alone with the family in a situation like this
We still didn't know exactly what was happening
who was behind it but we didn't like it
Nothing Unlike Santina who does
signed a contract
I don't know the journalist who spoke to me
I think he signed the same thing as me as
much that is
a document of transfer of rights
image voice etc. about our
recording
And the fact is that when I come from
Madrid and for the tickets for the annoyance
Well, now we're starting to talk
all parties began to see that
each and every one of these
production companies created for
in order to produce this documentary
we realize that in the end there is the
same person or people behind but
especially significantly the former
Raquel's manager So that's when
obviously we get going both
family legal services
like me and each of the parts that make us
we were aggrieved by this vice
improper from
to hide who was behind it Not because
If not, we would never have participated
because this is not like a program in
direct like yours Javi so there it is
can be edited can be transformed
can manipulate and of course then
We sent a burofax apparently they have
past the burofax or warning
from Santina's legal team it is
they have gone through the lining, I don't know
currently if the of so much this
journalist the school like mine has been
past mine I consider that my burofax
It is made with flamethrower and I warn and
I appeal to the relationship I have with this
manager for many years and for
both legally would have to be
very demonstrated the reason why if
I revoke with plenty of time
advance legally justifying the
reason why I consider that not
I don't want to participate in this farce
my
because I have the free right to
rectify and not want to participate in
This when I found out who was behind it
Well, as of today I don't know very well.
I don't know, in fact I was going to have one
meeting with this manager this week and
they have postponed it for me
Well, it turns out that finally what
I've decided I'm going to make a video.
that is going to raise many blisters, I'm going to do it
to be edited this week we will release it this
weekend that will have the title
of
prediction of mine about me what I believe
what we are going to see and what we are not going to see
in this mini docuseries produced by
This individual
who was Raquel's manager
I was going to ask you what you expected from
This documentary that where did I think it was?
the Chinese were going but we will have to
wait for that video no
Well I think it is already intuited that I
I have a feeling it's going to be a way of
try
discredit both the family and
those of us who have participated in all of these
years even going through the lining of
the eggs the car of a judge that
rules that a murder be tried in
unknown hands Yes because basically
Oscar the case in Italy the judge what
has said is translated so that the
people who are listening don't understand it
without going into technicalities, it is considered
a murder or a possible murder but
that as it has been for many years and
They obviously do not have any thread to
to throw away that it cannot be investigated
basically even if it cannot be proven
authorship in a reliable manner
obviously because if not these people or
would have been
Those who were there would have been charged
or detained or in prison
and since it is not like that and since so many have passed
years
recriminating the Spanish justice between
other things
and in a very particular way pointing out
many of the things that should have
done and they did not do How to intervene the
lines from Raquel and other people
underlying the person of Mario already
given its notorious contradictions in
judicial headquarters but of course it is here
It seems in our country that we have to
everyone talking with a small mouth
because it seems that if not all of us
we have to be afraid of one
demand
to death threats as is my case
as is the case of journalist Carlos
Bustos just for the sake of it
be involved in this mother cause
I understand that we see this video in
your YouTube channel no Oscar this weekend
week
yes yes so that you have you can stop by
my channel see the four or five Good
There are four episodes that already more than
edited years ago I mean no
They are updated even The fifth
Let's say that it is the hypothesis that I
attach to my report to the court of
Palermo in 2020 when they were going to archive and
finally they did not file what he did very
The judge is very right to change
prosecutor's team because he saw that they were not
going far enough
among other things what was also done
is to put between a rock and a hard place
second Italian coroner because between
other things had changed the
test tubes He and his assistant used a marker to
hand and in certain samples it is already
They showed that not even
corresponded to Mario then Claro already
it was a kind of cheap joke
absolute destruction in research
In this case, what needs to be said to the
people that the Italian judge does not do a
sentence because it is not a trial but
a
let it be clear
the one he makes a resolution after
so many years in which he dictates but
Point by point what you consider to be
must have done what he should have done
an instruction Since in Spain I know
freely and definitively that he wants
say that it cannot be reopened
in an absolutely inconceivable way
because among other things it is not
offered the right to Mario's family
when I talk about Mario's family
I'm talking about his parents or siblings that he has
the same right as the widow in this
case to want to then to appeal for
example the overlay that could
have provisionally determined
a judge definitively
The most normal thing is not that it is provisional
Of course it is not, can someone
those who are listening today today
tonight listening to your channel if this
happened to them or to them yes
the envelopes are free and
definitive Well, what do I know, my brother knows
has fallen down the stairs but it is that
I actually think they were pushed and
I wanted you to not be able to open it again
because it is a judge a female judge
determined that there is no full stop and
also without proven facts because between
other things are always talked about that
Police said the same thing and it's a lie today
Today we do not know the opinion of the
police today
the homicide group 6 that took
declaration to Raquel voluntarily
ten days after the events
It is that statement that should be
included in a complete report of
groups and homicides plus their inspection
Police technical eyepiece No it was never
handed over by Spanish justice to the
Italian justice therefore until
Don't prove me wrong, I'm going to
leave our Police in good standing
National so they can't say how
They will tell in this documentary how I
They asked me in that documentary how
It may be that everyone is with
Chavado against it and I told them that
It's a lie, I have never seen that
National Police said such a thing and
I think you guys hate
because they do not know, because they are ignorant or because
bad milk I don't know they don't know what
means a judicial committee that is
formed by the judicial police by the
coroner and by the judge or secretary
judicial in default because this
delegate
because if not then what is the
judicial police we send forensic as
movies like CSI that are out there
schedule Look like this the other one comes this
it is already resolved
Ladies and gentlemen
a death that could be ours tomorrow
son, our brother, our best friend
Enough of this [ __ ]
Jose, I don't know if you wanted to add something else.
before we give way to the intro and we
Let's get into the facts. Not me, what I have
told Oscar that in the end it is that
the problem they had with Italy
were the obstacles that were faced
They faced each other because they asked for it
photographs the photograph did not reach him
They had to come for her then
They gave only a few
photographs then even cited
people when the Italian delegation came
here to Spain because people have seen
Raquel and the pri that one who are the two
who normally come out declaring that they have
seen almost everyone support but it is
He cited many more people among them because
example to Sarasola and did not show up
trial and absolutely nothing happens OR
whether they were always I think that
judicial level lock upon lock no O
They asked for a report, but I don't think it came to them.
that it took two years I think it was no yes
I am not wrong in receiving the
photographs and those received
It's true that there were five
I don't know if Javi Now when I put the
intro and whatever I'm going to put too
We can talk about the famous drug trafficker in the
that was always spoken in the in the
proceedings and I raised to the court
as a report saying How can we
talk about this of this assumption between
quotes drug dealer if we don't know
nor if they exist and if it is called that way If it is
localizable is and what I consider that
Yes in this case I could have some kind
of direct indirect relationship with
the facts should be sought and
heard in a statement at least
as a witness no and finally Well when
change of prosecutor's team the judge For me
surprise I deliver this report in
October 2020 and in April 2021 this
gentleman is found and taken to testify
voluntarily
before the court and what he says
surprising Well Put the I think that
It is better that people see the case because
There are people who are struggling a bit and
Let's start telling the story of the
Chapter 8 Let's go Let's go Let's put
a little bit of context
[Music]
Mario and Raquel met
during the broadcast in Honduras of
survivors in 2011
Mario finished a couple of days before
Raquel and she gave him the keys to her
house to Mario and said wait for me in
Madrid for me to arrive
Mario and Raquel came to Palermo for a month
in August 2012 and that's where I met
Raquel in January 2012
they decide to get married
By video call he tells me that he is
they would get married in June
[Music]
It was a beautiful wedding three days of
celebrations and then they marched to the moon
of
[Music]
they were a happy couple
was doing very well
Raquel came to Palermo several times in
May to organize your wedding
[Music]
Mario has come to Palermo before his
death
That was the last time I saw my son.
at Christmas 2012 Raquel Raquel
On several occasions he tells me we must
find a way to come more often to
Palermo because Mario can't be there
so long without knowing about his family
to Palermo twice a year
[Music]
in summer and then in the period of
Christmas
Well I'm going to move on to
read in chronological order
the facts and you have to interrupt me
companions at some point
You guys are going to know more than I'm worth.
This May 29, 2013 at 7:00 p.m.
late they are supposed to have an argument
and here is what is being considered and I see that it is
argue a lot Here we are going to do the
first stop no longer because it is debated
much on the topic of discussion By
What is so important about the topic of
discussion that you are supposed to have at
seven in the evening they give two versions of
She first says it's because of the issue of
because Mario Raquel could not have
children or are they transmitting to you a me
I'm down, I'm connected, can you hear me?
we are with you
Mario was submitting along with
Raquel to a fertility issue because not
could have children naturally and the
first version I think I remember if not
I'm wrong, if I'm wrong, correct me.
Oscar I think Raquel says that the fight
in the first for this reason and then
changes version and says that the fight is
because he had promised to go to the village
where she was going to go with her and him
then he backtracks, saying that
You have to work, this is a lie, Santina
because Mario says his work plan
I received it 24 hours earlier, therefore
He already knew that he had to work on it
next day at the recording of
MasterChef and it was absurd that it was
committed to going with Raquel if he had
to record the next day or so
That's why it's important for the
contradictions not because of the fact that
argue a couple argues for a thousand
things, that is, it wouldn't be important if not
there were contradictions in it no
I say
completely as explained
Jose Mira, this application seems to me
awesome thing that I didn't even know, I think
yes I had ever connected with
this duck thing
but I'm reading the comments that
In the end you have a community
brutal Javi and I don't really have
a YouTube channel but the truth is that
Yes, I appreciate the follow-up from people
but no no I don't see this madness of
comments that is a very cool thing
cool not that they are here commenting but
I see that there is a user who is
He calls himself mcm, which is very
belligerent not with the subject of it seems that
He knows a lot, he almost seems like an expert.
expert in this case and is very
nervous or nervous I don't know Hey, why not?
is added here to a little window of ours and
explains to us all this wisdom that
I would be delighted mcm that I don't know what
which means because you don't have a [ __ ]
balls to come out here into the spotlight But
why have you put no no good no
stop making comments now put
Haha No Haha No entry is there saying
that what we are saying is a lie
Well it must be that he has or is a
lawyer of the case or is someone from the
cause or is someone who knows about the
cause because if not how can you say with
so much security those bullshits that
you are saying mcm
you could give him the button to
include it Javi Because
[Laughs]
Cheer up if you know so much but but
How do you know MCM, how did you have access?
because you have no [ __ ] idea what
you are saying but of course speaking and
to give my opinion like the old people I adore
in front of the work putting the little hands
back is very easy
and he was acquitted Of course he was acquitted Yes
Yes, he was acquitted and how many people
They have not been acquitted and what does that mean?
and then I bet that was a mistake
human So take some test tubes and
Marking them with a pen is a human error
Well, hey, what is dedicated to that?
dedicate to putting the test tubes of the
sausages on an assembly line no
of a person's body
You know why I get so brief
because we are talking about life itself
mcm person I don't know if you have parents if
you've had children in your life You know what
is that a son or a daughter is murdered
a brother a sister then go take it
you can say that for ass
mcm
Yes, uncle, it fell. I'm going to fall this week already.
I'm not but
I don't know that I don't know what I don't know what you
has said if you have missed
to your to your to your followers
The murga seems to talk a lot. Look
It makes me talk about you, don't worry
mcm that surely has something to do with it
with that great documentary that you are going to make
Well, I'm going to tell you something this weekend.
This week I'm going to talk about metin toquete los
eggs or ovaries I'm going to talk
What do you think I was going to keep quiet? No, what?
Do you think you are going to create a smokescreen?
With that [ __ ] it's not going to be that easy.
Anyway, Oscar, you say it here.
Something else to say mcm No no sorry
This is not whisky, okay anyway.
ways I was going to tell you that what
What matters is what they say
guests of the program that whatever is
What are they saying, Chapo? Well, what?
give your opinion and let them say what they want but
no no
I am yes I am reading it because
all your users who are
They are talking to him a lot with a lot of effort
respect and this person just always does
have
I took it out on my networks by blocking it
because they are [ __ ] haters who only
what they do is
that there was a point I was arriving
one point that my skin is like that of
an alligator more or less Then
Honestly Javi with all due respect
You usually talk about topics that are not
murders I don't know if I explain myself no
we are talking we are talking about a
murder therefore if someone participates
in a way it almost seems
as a magistrate or a doctorate
Well, about him jumping on the bandwagon and that
come out here in a little window
I'm reading the comments that don't
I wasn't reading the chat today just
we are watching the chat but it wasn't there
reading the chat because I was paying attention to
what to what you were telling me And
what Jose was also talking to me about
and I'm seeing that the box of
comments people are saying by
the general thing that was happening to me
the line So I ask please that
respect the guests too and that
If for whatever reason we like any of them
Your opinions are fine, but man
correct a person who is wearing the
better topic than TV
Well, it seems you're screwing up a bit.
Ok, but let's go anyway if there is
some disrespect whatever I'm
I'm sure the moderators
of the civil guard and I see it reflected
just as Oscar Claro says but MCM must
have a little more knowledge than the
that we have dedicated ourselves to investigating
homicides, that is, the different bodies
you know what the problem is
The problem is the following: That is, there is
many people who talk on Twitter
lots of people, especially on Twitter
which is the most used medium for the
topic of affairs and of course they talk with
property as if they knew the summary
for example and the summary can only
know the people who are there
So he is in the case as he can
be a lawyer for the defense of water
accusation the experts to whom it is given
has left the family for example
Mario but little more then If one
person on Twitter defends certain
things
with knowledge because it has to be
has reached someone or has reached the
cause in some way not for that reason what
He says that he is not someone else, yes
know the summary in its entirety
among other things and yet
If people gave their opinion from the
I respect
Considering that he speaks with Con
reason of cause then to me it is not
What matters to me is that. No
that's how many I add up in this
case and in others it also happens
It happened to me with the case of
disgustingly it happened to me with the case of
Débora Fernández Don't you know that with the
golden case of Débora Fernández when the
Police enabled a telephone number
people started calling pretending to be
go through Deborah herself saying
nonsense to his family because for me it is
that kind of junk like this can be
individual or individual to whom it is
writing here
Sorry This is not a topic I know that
Javi Bueno from what I've seen of Javi
Before entering your channel I saw that
You touch on various current topics and such
But this is murder, ladies.
And gentlemen, I ask the audience that
adapt to the fact that today we are not
gossip we are not controversial we are
trying to do a live show today a little bit
different Well, more than anything because
They are televising this content and
also so that you have the point of
seen a person who is involved
but well, a little calm. I
I understand that the issue raised is an issue
controversial that raises blisters I understand
Also Oscar, if you like, we can follow him.
and that we are enjoying the live
It is very interesting and that's it, we are not
let's not choke there
we had agreed I advise I advise
don't read El Chayo when I'm live
never
That's why I have Jessica That's why I have
Jessica with me
It's me that, or rather, I already let myself be
They trampled on me. I'm already leaving here, you know.
But well, I understand that today is not the
same topic at eight twenty in the evening
Rachel
He is going to Plasencia to accompany an uncle
his for family reasons and Mario
is left alone Now there are certain calls of
phone on his mobile at 8:30
phone calls this assumption
trafficker
that there is also some controversy because
Raquel denies knowing him and the other
boy when he declares how he has
Oscar commented a moment ago that it was
to finally declare
I don't understand why this girl is on me
denying no when he knows me before
Mario of all life Not here me
I understand that
Well, I'm going to give you my opinion on this.
when we arrive when we arrive at
several things open a point worth
At eight twenty there is another call
for which ownership is not required
to a number that is not requested
ownership
At 12 o'clock at night a neighbor hears how
moans that she understands could
to be then
[Music]
Well, as for ownership, I already know
I don't even know if I asked for it or not because
Since we don't have the police report,
one thing we don't know but but the
fact that Mario after calling
goes out into the street and runs into the neighbor
on the landing and the neighbor here we return
to have another contradiction in the
statements in a first statement
The neighbor says she doesn't find him apathetic
that he seems to ignore her, that he sees her
It's strange that he doesn't greet her and in another
statement that he then gives to the group
addresses I think it is already in the king's
declares that he deserves to be very sympathetic
He talks about his dog because he takes it with him
dog that Mario had taken out that day
before taking the dog out for a walk and
then we maintain
at the access door or also
we have two versions two two
contradictions in two statements of
another person
from the landing the neighbor let's say from the landing
Long before I met Mario I was already
Raquel's friend
neighbors often get involved
statements that often
They always hinder. It always comes out as in almost
all the cases there as the typical one
character So that gives a
statements that rather than help
they hinder but because
different or rather
one thing and then another So what
reason
Yes, it was very important
statements on other points as already
We will see why they doubt
because Raquel claims that she arrives
Madrid from Plasencia already around 8 and the
neighbor says that nothing of that is left
5 pm We are talking three
hours apart, not 5 minutes
many times it can have to do with
Let's see how he has a name but I don't
Oscar is coming out right now, I'm sure you
You know better than I do the state of shock
the state of surprise often
the best
You are convinced in a fit of rage
that you are saying one thing but then
the two days already with the subject cooler
Well, he says wait two hours because
I came because I bought because it also knows
In the case of the neighbor, let's say it is
important because according to her it comes from
Santander with a troller suitcase and
understand therefore that there are some bills
by plane then Okay then OK
It is rare plane will be in the form of
transport that I already consider appropriate that
This is what I raised to the court because
It is not the same to come by plane as there is no plane
regular flights every hour, let's say
from Santander to come in for example
in
in a car that would take you that long
Santander to Madrid a few hours no
so well in any case
studious at least of that not only
she does not say that other people say that
Well Raquel when she arrives what she does is
not being on the floor where Mario is
but in another neighbor's house and that
when she meets her let's say that
It's 5 in the afternoon, not 8 like
She holds and assures the widow is worth
This is what you are telling me This is what you are telling me
saying already the next day
at night what are a series of
calls that to the Well after that
the neighbor Hear the moans that she
understand that it could be like sex but
then he also sees it as strange and doesn't see it as
sex either
At first he thinks it is that and then
in being judicial already declares that man
that could be something other than
sexual moans
At 12 Mario calls Raquel at 12:51
Raquel calls Mario at 1:05 Raquel
Mario also calls at 4:25 Mario or
Mario's phone calls Raquel no
if you take it, you have no answer
and we are talking about the same night
still with family at 5:41 someone
modify the search history of the
computer I understand that this is like
clear cache clear history or
something like that no
history is modified I guess so
I would delete it to see that nothing is being searched for
that night
from history
Well, it won't be until 2016.
that a statement is being taken from the cousin of
Raquel who is not a computer scientist but is
computer engineer and
Finally in 2014 she expressed her opinion on
judicial headquarters that no one ever touched
computer this except her and then
Two years later when it is shown
technical form by the prosecutor's office
Italian Then yes
the cousin comes to the fore, yes,
He summons him to testify and he admits
that he had installed a software
remote control to Mario's computer
the only one who says that he didn't do it
He didn't do any of that but he did
I had installed that software for him.
Nothing, because it's the most normal thing in the world
as well as to see how their
computers are normal according to him and
that he does not do this while they are in
the funeral home is impossible because according to
He says he signs the document
delivery of effects when we have seen of
that only Raquel signs that part
apart from me there is another thing about the
statement of the cousin who happens to be already
He mentioned that we are going to be there
still that night between called
Raquel calls and arrives in presence and here
There is one thing that really catches my attention
attention When I made the documentary and
after an explanation to see rambling
in my nonsense but in a first
statement in a first thing that the
cousin is that when Raquel arrives to
Plasencia she calls him from her cell phone
to say Hey I arrived late
says no, that it is not a call from the
mobile but it is an SMS or a contract
but then he says no, that's it
calls from his uncle's landline
Of course, let's see
why I think at the time I said that
I had done that because the only
way to really say it's there
That calls from a landline Because I from
the mobile I can call you from Cuenca and
tell you that I am in Marbella and you
Carrying an SMS, I can call you.
of account sending you what Cuenca and be
in Marbella So how is it the only one
way I have to ensure that my
cousin was at that time saying that I
I'm calling from my home landline phone.
my uncle Then I understood that those
changes to say cell phone first
then that month and finally stay with
the fixed rate was to give a quarter
reliable that she was there at that time
time no
of the Italian Prosecutor's Office in Commission
evidence and declares it in a related manner
In the same sentence I mean I didn't have
a lot of sense as you say
To José that in the same sentence we are not
talking about different years or days
different
you claim that he has sent you an SMS
Simply, well, look, I'm in Plasencia.
See you tomorrow, that was the message
textual that indicates and then you say
in the face of doubts and questions
prosecutor says no they shouldn't have been in
presence because he called from the landline
let's see or send you an SMS to
tell you that he is here, he is going to sleep and
See you tomorrow and he has called you from
the fixed one that as José explains very well
Well, man, that would already put you in the right place.
because a landline is not a mobile phone and
less at that time Well in a
location
But well, on top of that, well, well, as
You will see that I don't know how to do it.
Javier wants to do that for that reason
Neither Well now basically to the
Well here we also have the fact that
that this last call we have
mentioned by Mario at 4:25 in the
call is not returned by Raquel until
2 in the afternoon, two something in the day
next one which is also strange no that
Your husband called you at that time of day.
don't worry don't be scared don't be
call back until 2 o'clock in the
afternoon of the next day and now I'm going to
ask Oscar a very direct question
Although maybe one will appear
silly question or a little
[Music]
I think I know the answer, no and
We are going to put a video about the envelope
some statements from mother Óscar La
The mother's question is the following:
beginning and the family doesn't care at all
suicide enters the head, right?
never
nor to the family in general
not even the slightest Let's go from the
beginning says that Mario even to
12 o'clock that night when he is chatting
with his brothers on Facebook
He is explaining his new projects to them
He is precisely explaining to him that he is
glad that he is encouraged with those
new projects and the opposite by
course Imagine that at night at
12 at night which is also when
surprisingly it cuts dry
communication, which never happened, that is
They always said goodbye and that is precisely
when we begin to believe the
criminalists and experts analyzing
each of the data that could happen
his death between 12 and something and one and
fourth at the latest
then of course when it's like a like
a puzzle that you are putting together then
On the contrary, he seemed animated.
And the family never believed at all that
It could be a suicide in
absolute
We listen now we are going to watch a video
very interesting about some of the complaint
and the contradictions that the mother of
Mario finds And how he tells it goes
I'm going to make your hair stand on end
ask everyone if you are enjoying it
directly that you share it in all
your networks and above all that you press
the like button and that you subscribe that
It is completely free in addition to
subscribe to the channels of these two
machines that I will remind you of when
Let's finish the live so that
follow the topic and the case on their channels
We often talk to our son by
phone with the Brothers on Facebook
in the Messenger chat
The last time I spoke to him for
phone was to congratulate me
birthday
On May 23rd, Javi No is heard with echo
I know if I'm the only one who listens to it with
echo But it sounds quite echoy, eh?
2013 around 18:18:30 I receive
a call from Raquel what she tells me is
dead is dead is dead I am
I answer the phone, he has died. Who has
dead who tell me I thought he was
Speaking of his uncle I didn't think my son
and he tells me no Mario hasn't died Mario has
dead
She spoke in Spanish because in that
At that time I didn't speak Italian well.
I tell him how he died, what happened and
She says she hanged herself but I don't.
understood the meaning of that word
The only thing I understood is that Mario
had died
we were in the car we were going along the
road
in the machine in the car we were going, me and my
husband My daughter and her 4 year old son I
I went into a delirium inside the car
I started screaming and banging my head
with the glass of the machine because it is not
I could accept that my son was
dead did not understand how it had happened
this
while we were going home the only one the only one
What I was thinking is that possibly
Mario had had an accident with the
motorcycle because he had taken it himself
We arrived from Palermo to Madrid at Christmas
to my house
I lay down on my bed but we had to
risk it to go to Madrid I had
that I'm going to Madrid then someone calls me
Mario's friend and colleague who tells me Oh
if they speak Italian to me
Madam, Raquel told me to tell you
that Mario hanged himself was a way
very hard as receiving the news by
part of Rachel
and on the part of Mario's friend it is not known
You can say these things in cold blood.
say Mario is bad something happened to him
but you can't give such news to
a mother has died your son has died
It seemed very violent when we arrived in Madrid
on May 31st around noon
At approximately 12:30 we arrived at
Madrid we arrived as a family my whole
husband and I, my daughter and my son Andrea
We arrived and they came to pick us up at
airport some friends of Raquel said
that some friends of his went to his house to
look for some clothes for him and told him that
There were several cans of beer and some
cigarette butts in the ashtray
in the photos we lived in that
At that moment there was only a can of beer and
It was alcohol-free
It's weird because my son was a smoker and not
I think that a person who tries
take life do not smoke first twenty or
thirty cigarettes I entered the house
from Magdalena Street on June 4
There was my daughter, my husband, Raquel, the mother
of Raquel and the caregiver of the mother of
Raquel who was also present
I wanted to see the house where I had lived
My son is two years old, she said she would never
had been in the house
After Mario's death there was no
been in that house
but strangely
between June 1 and 2 the light of
the house was on fire because he saw her
my daughter in the afternoon
It also results from the expert's report
computer scientist of the prosecutor's office that of the
Mario's computer was downloaded
seven files surely had light
because Raquel is the first statement
has stated that no one has touched his
computer that has touched it Only she the
I saw practically the whole house of his
and what caught my attention is that
there was too much order
She told me that they found Mario in
pajamas
between the bedrooms and it looked like
a hotel room
everything was in order Sorry if Mario
I was in pajamas Where are the clothes of
Mario because knowing my son This
it was very messy
I told Raquel where are the clothes
that my son takes off that night
She tells me I told Mario that
When I returned from Plascencia I wanted
Keep the house tidy, that's what he told me
Raquel, I have thought
a person who is going to take his or her own life
He's going to start scrubbing, what does he care?
leave the house tidy for his wife
There are so many small, connected things
they form a network because this this this There is
so many things that tell you it is not
possible then we enter
in the living room and she knelt on the
point where they found Mario
strangely it was the Exact Place Where
Mario had died, I saw him two years ago
after when the photos arrived
discovery was the precise point Although the
The library was very long, the same room
the computer was at the station
Mario and I's work
I have caressed and touched the armchair where
Mario sat down and touched his mouse.
I've played his keyboard all that was his
Mario I have touched it precisely because they are
the last things my son had
touched
playing the keyboard I saw that under the
keyboard there was a sheet of paper
on that sheet of paper that Mario had drawn
two monitors that were the two monitors
that Mario had facing the wall
It was Mario's writing
drew two monitors two monitors that
had in front of him and then a link a
very long link
The only thing I saw was a link and
I recognized Mario's handwriting
I show it to Raquel and say Mario
wrote this
She takes the sheet of paper, looks at it, reads it and says
How did you discover this link?
I disconnected five years ago, I'm not a [ __ ].
no [ __ ]
she said that this link that this link
disconnected it five years ago
He was surprised by the fact that Mario
would have discovered
She looked at him, she read the sheet of paper and said
This link to this book I lost five years ago
years how Mario managed to discover it myself
no [ __ ], I'm not a [ __ ], the weird thing
I had stunned her with pain and no
I wanted to take that sheet of paper from them, I had to
having taken that sheet of paper had to
having said you give me that sheet of paper but
They noticed it was bad and I didn't ask for it.
too many things were too much
stunned, she handed him over to the police
absolutely not because the police of
in fact he did not do any kind of
investigation
has done nothing
Look at these rough ones
I want to say first of all, give it to the
Thanks to Jessica who translates
has not said, has not said
first of all a kiss Jessi and a
a big hug and what a great job
translation that has been done no
I was also applauding what we were doing
has nothing to envy of a
documentary this that we just saw that
belongs to the Wheat Channel in case you
Do you want to see the whole thing? And secondly
I wanted to give you all a few, mates.
opinion that maybe I am very good
thought and you of the best you have
more information than I am going to tell you
that I combed my hair not regarding this thing of the
the theme of erasing that existence
in deleting so many files it was not a
terabyte not two or three to hell
not deleted
downloaded files deleted files
isn't it that now we are also going to see
Raquel testifying no
Just like the trafficker, I feel
It feels like a part of this
It is also because she is a
famous person as she is a person
famous and a case that evidently in the
moment that surely happens
first thing that comes to mind
among many other things, they are going to be
filter summaries will be filtered
Police sources say it happens a lot
No, I'm afraid of everyone.
has his things in privacy
best thing sexual conversation of
friends and then he is afraid that
I think it leaks, even a little bit.
I don't know if I will agree with myself
I could go there because of the fact that
damn, there's going to be a case where they're going to
be investigating things and I don't want that
It is known that no one knows, not even the police
because he answered me on my channel
since this would be understandable in
any person logically what not
It would be very logical to put it as a
hydro-addicted [ __ ] to the boy who has
proven quite the opposite when she
herself initially said that this was not the case
It was possible that her husband wanted to
live that he was a very vital person and
blow and knock for whatever reason changes
version and says that he had thought about
commit suicide who consumed drugs that had
played choking games with his
sister on the verge of staying
unconscious and well then what
There is a need if what you try
preserving your privacy is what I don't believe in
It is very logical that you want to
to discredit the good name of the life of the
who has been your husband until that tragic
day of his death I don't think so
It may also be advice
They cannot be advice because they were
absolutely contradictions you do not
You can say one thing one day and ten days
absolutely the opposite and contrary not
It's very logical you could be wrong in
one thing you can discover another but
say the opposite opposite 10 days
then it has no meaning unless
whether or not you are collaborating with the
justice or the police in this case or
you know something that the police should know
to clarify the death of your husband
It hurts you more than in the end I
I have always said that it is more for that reason
pissed off with this mcm or other profiles
How nice if that gentleman were my Twitter
or madam, I would already be blocked, I'm not going to
mentioning him more means that I get angry
for these things because then to the game
from the trivialization of very things
important for example not what I want
to say with this that she herself
She herself declared that her husband was in
a hot start was a person
vital with a desire to live
that had never made mention of
commit suicide and then say yes
had ever thought of committing suicide
that he was a person with mood swings
that he took drugs well it turns out that
to the prosecutor's questions years later
SMS With the nl tag since 1900 and
peak in 1990 and something comes to refer
according to the prosecution in heard what
it might seem
a comment about drugs
narcotics and as I said
after the report is located you take
statement to this assumption
drug dealer, what a complete [ __ ]
It is not and obviously the only thing that is not
He admits that he is a trafficker but yes
admits that he does not understand how Rachel
says no, he doesn't remember him when
has had a relationship of so many years
when they know each other from the film industry and
of television and that which is barely
I knew it was Mario, it was more when he was
asks if he was aware that
Mario used drugs, he says,
absolutely that on some occasion they had
gone for a drink then
I'm sorry, but the facts weigh heavily.
by themselves Then something someone
lie that that is what I raised to the
court then no Well then do a
Let's see who is lying between the two
people
What pisses me off is not that people
say your fate is that it seems that there is a
constant intention to make curtains
of smoke when it seems to be about
of someone famous and equal than ever
I will never allow anyone in my place to
can accuse or blame Raquel despite
that they cannot understand your attitude.
I have always said that she considers that
has been its own worst enemy in terms of how
has led this situation in terms of
those very grave and serious contradictions
that some of them could have been
classified as false testimony because
Let us not forget that an accused
investigated can lie in a courtroom
judicial but never a witness for that
so much
I think that simply with that it is
They would have prosecuted ex officio at the request
of the family or whoever it may be
example the prosecution
for false testimony not only to Raquel
but to his cousin For example
Proceedings could have been initiated
previous ones I'm not clear I'm glad that
that what I say Because of course There is
people in the chat who are not understanding
that there is no pointing out or being done here
blaming no one is putting me
brought two professionals here so that
put on the table data that are the
that I want to say one thing in
relation to what has been said to what has been
Oscar said about the topic of nl good that
Santina gives the name in the documentary O
I don't think anyone knows anymore.
name Because it's true how the jumps
palette this name not because it is true
that Mario makes a call
and at a given moment it is a suspect
drug trafficker Well I would say rather
a camel not One that supplies Up to
what a drug trafficking point of such a But
Well, of course, if it had stayed there, which one?
is the problem
that Mario on his computer had the
Raquel's phone dump
dump of Raquel's cell phone that was deleted
But then he recovered, of course, from there it is
where old messages come out with
This Talent
Nacho, well, keep going and that's where it comes from.
when it is discovered that in the
Mario's computer from a dump of the
Raquel's phone number is the first thing that comes to mind
does is accuse Mario of spying on
Raquel and that's why Mario had a
dump your phone onto your computer
not that in fact in the trial he
They ask Raquel, did you know that Mario
I had a dump like that no no
Well, this dump is done by Mario
Álvaro performs Christmas Eve and in
Santina's house because Raquel changed
of mobile phone and says that they give it to him
an iPhone and the old one the old iPhone
Mario gives it to him and says, Hey, how do we do it?
many times in a couple you don't have your
woman, you're going to have a new phone
churro and Mario instead of deleting it then
makes a backup copy of the
Raquel's mobile data on the PC that
He had it there that was his, that's why Mario
hanged from the mobile phone of
Raquel on her computer no because Mario
was asking Rachel but because
Mario dumps the data from the phone of
the one to make a backup
Erase the phone and keep it for himself.
understand me in case Raquel wanted to later
recover something from your phone we are not
In the year 2023 we have the cloud that
We all have our copies of
cloud security Not in that one
so the copies were almost always
Physically you were going to change your phone
I had to copy your data, your photos and
such to then pass them on to you not so that
There comes out the fact that it is known that Raquel
I knew Nacho before Mario, no, yes.
if I hadn't been there cms if I had
It seems that he contacts Nacho.
Mario and I don't know what to declare anymore.
Nacho this one would have stayed there like that
Mario knew him, no, it doesn't happen.
exactly other things also Jose you
I have to say
that there were many people in those
old SMS that have also been
charged in proceedings as a witness
Although people don't know it, I didn't know.
Curiously, one person in particular who
also testifies as a witness
It was in those SMS that theoretically
They talk about what, according to the Prosecutor's Office, would be
of alleged transactions of
narcotics
So let's see if I come back.
repeat what Javi said and I will
There was nothing else for you to underline
you have said but on many occasions
I have legally warned people that
has dared to call things absolutely
insulting in this case to Raquel and
third parties
warning them of the even coming of
report to Twitter and others
platforms that type of attacks also
I want to block those on my networks
say I believe in justice and always
I will pursue justice but what
I cannot conceive then, for example, with
the case of cancer that the other day
interviewed is that there are people and
even forums that are seen in law
to take possession in some way or another of
part of as if they were even the
family, that is, it seems Dantesque to me
that people take ownership of something that they don't
belongs to what is the persecution
the Search for the truth the demand to the
justice and the courts
in the investigation into the death of a
being loved no I mean to me and that's why you
Javier said, so Javi, there will be many
topics we can talk about and do
Salseo, as your program is aptly called
But in this I would be incapable of
He even interviewed me at Laser this one.
such famous journalist Javier del Pino and
I remember that for my book called
Diary of a Homicide Detective
In the promo they put me, let's say, in the
the most scoundrel section not the one that is most
funny and I myself told him Javier go
you've had balls because let's see how it
we make to fit that a daily one
people homicides is a section
casual which I thought was great and
In the end we didn't have a very good time because
I proposed a game and it was very fun and
was to profile the collaborators
among them comedians and the only thing that
had asked the relations team to
They sent me a Viché photo a little earlier
to go to the studio and they froze
because he tells them I made a profile for them
quite accurate of their personalities
But I told them let's play a game
I'm going to tell you what you would probably be like
as murderers in the event that they
you went and went crazy I mean
You can talk about everything as long as it is
with due respect and above all with
respect for that family that may be
listening to us for example right now no
then of course that's why sometimes I get
I want to briefly apologize. Maybe yes.
I was pissed off before but this time
week between the Netflix announcement
and the nonsense I'm reading is not
today on the internet in general that's why
I'm giving a lot of wax on Twitter and
I'm saying I'm going to publish that one
video precisely so that they are given
account of Why I Consider That It Is Going To Be
seek manipulation with that
documentary
because either you see or I have a ball of
crystal or I could dedicate myself Then
Guess what's coming out tomorrow
in the lottery because I believe that in my
forecast video I'm going to be wrong
in a very small percentage of the
that I think we're going to see and what I think
that we are not going to see
I think there is something There is something I don't understand
Well yes I understand but what about
many cases And it is polarized in such a way
so that either with me or against me, not me
I am a person who says always me
I can have my ideas, I see the case of
Mario and I say it openly I believe
Oscar's Santina hypothesis that
Mario didn't take his own life, no, but
Mario kills him But this does not enter into
contrast that other people
think otherwise I'm stupid
exactly respectable and I say so
Always Raquel for example the figure of
Raquel is the widow, there are many people
times that to overcome a duel
They need to close pages just like her
I want to close the page and assume that it was that
had been removed and that's it. So the self
To think that Mario could have been
murder instead of having been removed
life does not mean that it goes against
Raquel or Raquel what I don't
I understand that it is because you think that Mario
he has not taken his own life, he is a
people voluntarily attack you like that
going against someone is not going to work
against no one I say because they assume
who assume that when it is not that you
I believe it, Oscar or anyone else believes it.
there is a car now from a judge and now
We will also see more news that
They claim this is not because we don't do it
But do you think we have Oscar here?
that has been a very close part of the
the thing is that there is a car that is that
the judge is telling you
saying that look yes it is not a
suicide but cannot be prosecuted
And you can investigate because there is no more
thread to see or consider that no thread no
we could say it like that too but
that doesn't mean that I am
saying I for the guilty one is the uncle is
the brother-in-law is the neighbor no it is not known if
if that were known
a super super graphic example in the
case that Oscar told before the case of
arcade in which you have the family
for example by Miriam Fernando García
who maintains that Richard had nothing to do
see that there is a black hand How about I don't
typical not what we have heard so many
times and then you have for example the
Desiree's family Because the father
died that that has the opposite that
the guilty Miguel
and Antonio Andrés and so respectable is the
one's opinion as the opinion of the other
That is, they cannot attack one by one
think one thing or attack the other you
as an individual person and as a
thinking people you can position yourself in
one side or the other think more for a
side think more for the other but you have
that we must respect that the other party thinks so
put to you because unfortunately there are
sufficient evidence to think of a
thing and to think another and that's it and no
There is no need to discuss or
fight Nor do you often get involved
on Twitter and there are some fights and some
moves and some things that I say but not
only with the case of Mario as I say
with the scope or many cases that are
They polarize in such a way
because
all those profiles we talked about
that we call haters, fake haters
Why don't they show their faces I mean in
their profiles because they don't put who they are
since they have nothing and it wouldn't be so
easy to say things
No, of course, but let's see if you were there.
in a state of law of freedom of
free expression And on top of that you say with so much
security and rotundity to know of a
cause for example Well then show your face
nothing happens no
But instead they take refuge under profiles
in which they deceitfully try without
success thanks to God
convince four idiots like them
that they give each other likes and it is also
quite pathetic isn't it
because maybe it's the same person
which is the same with your accounts
fish and that is that it is absolutely
ridiculous but if you do it at least I
What do I know then when you talk about
survivors of Big Brother or
Bernarda's [ __ ], well, that seems fine to me.
but it is really doing it in a
omission murder I find very
disturbing has been a psychopathic mind
The truth is I'm going to put a clip that
I think for this live and I don't want to
This clip may seem like a joke because
It seems to me quite the opposite
precisely surely you have already been
It has come to my mind that I am
Speaking is a click away these days
people still take out This is the first
appearance of Rachel
after
I don't know if I should call it low, in short it is the
Raquel's first appearance when
returns to television. I want to just in case.
Someone who doesn't know this click that I
I would miss it, okay. But as I'm sure
There are people who see us from all over the world and
I want to be out of Spain and you don't know it.
that you pay close attention to the first
words of Raquel Sánchez Silva after
of
the whole deal of being out of work
and I don't know if it's a casualty or what Raquel is like
Good morning
Hello, everyone
A big kiss Ana, a kiss like that
Well to you and your whole team that I
They carried all your messages to
through my Sony Xperia Z
precious
It's a beautiful, very emotional video.
First of all, Oscar, they put you there.
behind the wheel is assertive objective and
honest great professional I follow you since
For years as a criminal psychologist I have admired
your work is directly admirable, a kiss as
Thank you very much Thank you very much
Thank you very much, it's truly an honor.
that in the end this is worth it too
from the networks because for example they are
some messages arriving with the book that
I never expected it to be a book that I didn't
I only talk about homicides and murders
but also of such cases
important and of transcendence in
Our country is not as it can be from ETA
good too Oscar there is a part
I undress myself, I talk about my
experiences of my father's illness
a lot of things that could have
ignored where we can find Where
we can find your book
It's from Plaza James in any bookstore
The truth is that in person, not in the end
You can find it anywhere
bookstore on Amazon wherever they want but I
I would love to know how you interpret
you this click that we just saw
because
I, even if you don't believe it all the time
I've been talking about Mario the widower who
I've been here for a long time and I've never valued the
clip because
I think that's the only value I have here. Not me.
I have not entered into an opinion on this type of issue.
things I see, people have opinions and each one
one has for oneself one's own
opinion I think I don't know I don't see it
logical from my point of view that the
first such but I am not No I have my
personal opinion and I say never never
I have valued it because it seems to me that the
climate is that it does not need any assessment or
be that I believe that anyone who does it
Look, he says, the host is asking you this.
person how are you because you come back for
first time watching TV and you jump like that
Well, each one
Oscar, you're going to be more direct. Tell me.
Well me
I remember that in a video call
Also many years later with two
Mediaset executives in the con
that we were talking about a format that
let's pretend they were called psychopaths
integrated
One of the managers asked me about
of this video and I responded with another
question I told him Well since you are
a great manager of this chain
The only thing I would like to know is if
This person in the presenter was
obliged at that time and in that manner to do
that ad and he told me no So yes
She could have chosen another moment
Well, I'm quite surprised that I don't know
how long has it been without a month and a half or something like that
Well, get one of your best smiles
Thanks to Sony Xperia Well then Hey
Each one will grieve as best I can.
It seems inconceivable to me
psychologically Well look there was one
psychologist who talks about me
who also says she is a psychologist
criminal, well I would like to know too
your opinion
no that I'm going is disconcerting the
good clip going a little to the to the
scene to the place
but because I have always seen
is that I consider myself a professional and
when and when it is not fear and for me
You know José very well. It's that I for
example to make an evaluation of
I take a profile very seriously. I want
say
That profile is what I am, as I am an expert.
judicial of the cause if in due time
moment I am asked in the room about it
I will say and even this pair of managers
They asked and I didn't have to.
hold this person's profile by
what but it is curious not that at least
I was asked this in a question in which
we were talking about psychopathy, not good
Well, maybe of course I'm from outside.
that we are not well informed about topics and
more than superficially As for
example I don't Of course we have seen it
always on the internet is treated as a
meme that click then I say maybe
I'm wrong, maybe it's that
when you are in a certain state
psychological state because suddenly hey
The bosses have come to you and told you
You have to put this promo at the end of
the conversation When you are going to cut it short
advertising whatever and the girl in
a state
of alienation because he has taken it and has
released just as Ana Rosa greets her
Oh well
That's why Javier I asked him
These managers did have the obligation
to do it on that date or could do it
have done it later because I know what
what that kind of commitments mean
commercials and it turns out
that he had no obligation of any kind
to do it on that date therefore it is
thing about her Oscar I'm your follower Yes
The data comes out on Netflix that only
They may have judicial authorities such as
you will take legal action
You have my admiration and respect, thank you.
A kiss my queen Oscar I don't know if the
data that appears on Netflix is ​​not
some
that they assume the consequences
of course I will take legal action myself and
all people of course
logically but here you want
say one thing Oscar here regarding
those data I mean I remember when
You came to my channel when we did
the interview that is with you that does
I think it's about time and you told me my luck
that the case is closed here in
Spain is that everything we have
found out later is not in the hands of
no one but only in our hands
as if he says no as of the
investigators from santinez
and well and the husband and then of course
make the Netflix documentary I Know That
documentation has been provided that
They don't know here in Spain then that
documentation already has it documentation
that they shouldn't have, I don't think so.
It has also been one of the reasons why
that this documentary has been made
to access that information
In the end, look, in the end, that's why I eat
strategy and because I like to give for
ass to the bad guys at the end
I have decided to make this video that I have
prediction saying of what I consider
what we are going to see and what we are not going to see
For me it is a risk because then if not
It's true, because I'm going to get beaten up for it.
all sides not true Okay then
Well, I hope you like it because
They have dealt with the topic very clearly, no, no
great but unfortunately
fifty-three years and with history
that my margin of error precedes me and this
I say it seriously when I more or less know
where things are going and I am
Speaking as a professional that I have been
investigation in the police so many years
in the judicial police the mind
Unfortunately my error image of the
past is very small no then it is
It is possible that from the things I am going to say
in some Exactly I don't come out but I
I think most of it will go like me.
I think he's going to go alone and
exclusively for what is already
denotes the initial trailer that's why I decided
do it because I already see where they are going
shots no and the shots for me is a
smokescreen is a manipulation of
the facts and I hope I'm wrong I'm going to
of course aspire to August 3rd
I'm going to wait and see if they have what it takes
that I have to have so that if I leave that already
bear the consequences because it has already happened
there has been a legal warning and if so
Well, nothing. We'll see each other in the
courts
Maybe many times you already know Well
You have also worked in the media
that many times maybe despite
the legal consequences that may arise
If it is profitable, they will throw it away.
Go ahead, I totally agree.
With you Javier, I think that the
pasta above
Well, that's unfortunately a life
human Okay and for me not for me No
cousin Therefore
Look, I do have vehemence for the bad guys.
and it's true that this week Well look
Today I got really pissed off
I usually put myself yes sometimes it comes out
that vehemence not like what happened to me in the
plate of risto with this big mouth of the
ABC journalist who in the dressing room in
presence of
four or five people all of whom
They are witnesses of what I am going to say, he said.
that
In addition to arriving late, he said he was coming
to play the bad guy
Ok and bad means it's going to
play a role
and it is the same whether it is in the medium or not.
In this case it was this gentleman, okay, because
I know José that neither politics nor
So they will never look for me there.
but I told him and warned him in front of
the Witnesses before going live to
set is good at least since you come to
play the bad guy Tell me what you've studied
the cause or that you have it and he told me
They just sent it and he started looking at it in
the mobile at that moment we are talking
of
in 10 years of research
practically Okay then what did I say to him
I say then very well I paid attention to the
consequences Because if you do that in
I'm going to beat you up straight away and that's what I did.
I beat him live even the rest in
The pause had to make me So I'm going to
look for
Lower your tone a little, I say no, damn it, what is it?
that the family of is connected here
This kid is murdered, how am I going to get off?
tone How What does it mean to come and do the
bad in So this is not a work of
theater
This is not a show, we are here talking.
a criminal lawyer by my side
On the other side, Andrés Guerra also
only journalist who has followed this
case from the beginning That I return to
repeat was reported by Raquel him and
the vanguard and two years after the
Justice has ruled in their favor when they
I wanted to keep my mouth shut, better said
simply because
do their job which is the free right to
information always from respect
and without disrespect in any way
moment to Raquel then
There comes a time when look, I've been
reading before a commentary on the
I like to watch the video you posted
the comments are more serious because
Well, everyone takes the death of a
to be loved as you want yes yes yes yes but
I hadn't seen anyone yet who
throw [ __ ] at the deceased person who
who says he is practically a saint
a very young boy with a very vital pass
to be a drug addict, a [ __ ] and things
The worst thing is that I have right here at hand
If you want us to comment on what it is
Raquel's statement
which is a video that has been commented on
quite a lot because it is striking not how much
least one question if I have this is
Spain
but before the evidentiary commission he wants
say that a request is made from the
foreign prosecutors
in this case and before a judge
Spanish who is obviously not judging
he's just playing the role
let's say
driver of that leadership of
testimony No
Well, those who are sitting there in
This side is the prosecutors who are
in front of the prosecutors is the translator
and the one sitting with her arms like this
open in Raquel we are going to listen to a
a little
This is what they previously asked you.
you ask please please look
please
otherwise
[Music]
carried out in June on
possible reasons for fights between
you
in bad spirits among you
He answered that no, that there was a reason
indeed
[Music]
the blue command
Mario probably feels that the lady
has carried out
telephony
The question arises from the fact that Mario
fully paid the scholarship of his/her
phone your phone's your phone's on your
computer and
They ask if you know about that
had made
computer scientist has recovered vision You
have
all
Mario thought that the law spoke of the
relationship
Mario thought you were having relations
extramarital and that's why they fought in
continuation according to according to The
research on messages and
calls
of the relationship and sentimental and see that
we are not interested
of the homicide name
[Music]
her husband thought at some point
determined that you had had
discussions for that reason
have arguments
[Music]
They just want to ask me something else
I want to say about it about it
Here we have two things we have what
Raquel says here we have what she says
Santina Let's see why I say what he says
Santina because according to Santina or
Santina tells us about this event
It happens in your house, that is, it happens in your house in
Christmas Eve
then here you can heat it you can
believing what I said before is not
a matter of each one is free to
loving whoever you want doesn't understand it
What he says is that when Mario does that
backup those phones on your
computer that you have in the clips
put one of them from my documentary
you have on when
discover some messages I talk about what
Santina says, I'm not saying anything else.
that what she says Mario reveals some
messages in which well, Raquel
No, not being with Mario but for
seen had a relationship with another
person being with another person something
This is how Santina Vale explains it. And this causes
a tantrum and a fight and an argument
among reactionaries in the same house
Santina who makes Raquel lock herself away
in the bathroom crying and such this passage
San then tells what he wants to say
Here is one thing very clearly Raquel
or intestinal there is no more because the same
event told by two people
But you know what, man, maybe I'll come back.
to repeat the same thing as before
better me It's that I'm super mega good
thought with the people but it's that I
I'm watching this video and of course I'm
reading people in the jacket
power cachi you in a trial I don't know what
The first thing is that it is not a trial
Okay, this is a testimonial, it's not a no.
It's a trial, okay, but anyway
Even if it were a trial of the judges there
that we must respect it and give it its place
when they are interrogating you in this
case the one who is questioning
I imagine it will be the lawyer of the
another part or whatever but I understand
The attitude is the two Prosecutors of the
cause
who have pursued crimes such as the mafia
from Sicily my mother but that I
I understand her attitude because she
What he is complaining about there is that
that does not want to give details that this is not
has nothing to do with the topic that is not
wants to give details and that fight with him
boyfriend by another third person
extraordinary Then there is no need
getting so angry in the room first what
You say you have respect for authority
and then to say the no me technique
I agree, I don't remember that we know her
in all
It is the main advice that the
lawyer when you don't know what to say no
I remember, I don't remember. Well then.
then there is no need to get angry.
I remember, I don't remember
I don't remember the question according to
The question of I don't remember doesn't do anything
lack of getting angry or seeming like you are in
a television show, don't even think about it
you are above
Well, in fact, it is not complete there.
video because there comes a time when the
Prosecutors remind him that it is a house
an open and prosecuted case
murder and be very careful
because he is talking to two prosecutors of
agreement then of course
no no I am with Javier but to
see who has the balls to get in
to a room and speak like that to two prosecutors
just arrived from Palermo and I myself
would have done it in a more assertive way
I would have done it in a more
assertive because more flies marry
honey that is not said with vinegar but
I understand I want I want to understand the
situation that you are going through and
It is a fact that we are seeing
This video with his statement Then
if she suddenly
I would have said, look, well, look, I'm going to be
sincere I will collaborate and since I don't have
Nothing to hide, I'm going to tell you. Look.
Well, I have this photograph. Well, I have
We wouldn't have found out about this story because
the video So I think it goes that way
This attitude
no no but to a certain extent because
Of course, if you compare it like I did.
on my channel you go to my channel and you will have
the comparison between 2014 and 2016 and they are
absolutely opposite Then
I mean man
from having selective memory in 2014 to
have no memory in 2016 man
Well, let's see what happens in the end.
people's anger is always due to this
I say Raquel has been her worst enemy or
well it has had a bad direction
lawyer or herself I think that has not
known what a room means
judicial and one and how serious it could be
incurring in false testimony
So
I believe and I repeat and reiterate that I am with you.
but I'm going to tell you both Javi En
How many judgments have you declared?
So as a witness in some like
investigated
Well, civil lawsuits are not called
investigated no
We are talking about a crime of
murder eh
of that caliber luckily and I hope that
continue like this for the rest of your life
criminal cases either as a witness or
never indicted in criminal cases such as
witness yes as a witness is worth
declared good in 2000
to denounce about me to denounce
As a diligence instructor I have had
as a qualified witness, which is what
It's the police I had to testify
As an expert in my [ __ ] life I know
would happen
speak in that tone to their lordships very
angry that you are no matter how indignant you are
much because at no time was he
asks no leading questions at any time
moment nothing is said to her that she
harm him because if not Javier would not
would have testified as a witness
declared as accused Okay then
That is why he is remembered in several
occasions that eye because he is
being a witness and that her obligation
is to declare what you know or what you know
and that's it and that's why when they put it on
the sword and the wall that this does not happen to him
not only to her but to many witnesses
It's when he says I don't remember
and that's it and then talk about it
Another one who also goes as a witness is the
cousin is worth it
It's that also saying I mean she says
I don't want them to talk about my private life
And such But it doesn't matter or so much
to know if or to try to clarify
whether it could have been a homicide or
It could be that the shape has been removed
life voluntarily will have to be seen
what happens in that private life of a person
takes his life for something that has happened to him
past in your privacy I mean O
be it does not take its life because I do not know
because he is watching a movie that gives
not there then it is normal that it is
investigate people's private lives
to see what happened to that person
So it's normal that I can't
say no more than that about my private life
Okay, but he took his own life.
for something that has happened to him no
assuming he had taken it off
Then I see it as absurd to obstruct the
justice in that sense to know so much
if it has been removed or if it has been
removed not in the end it would be the same
ask
It's understandable Oscar Since you
I discovered since I discovered your book and
I have a question about this whole decision and
incision in this case is due
to alopecia
because I'm not bald
ah but I say it's a kind of joke A
The best thing you do with your followers
Or are you being trolled?
Well, I'm bald, maybe I do have it.
entries but I'm not bald but we are
in 5 euros Thank you very much for your
five euros me really
Türkiye no
Well, it's worth the same, it's worth the same
in Spain than in Türkiye So stretch
a little more and more if you are going to be absent
respect Please ban him
If it's about disrespecting me, I don't care.
an egg go but not me another day you
I invite you another day so that
Let's talk about other topics, not so that
I appreciate it very much but look at the
difference I don't get angry over one
[ __ ] but I do get pissed off when
death is spoken of lightly
judicial authority of a person when it is not
has no idea about the pain of the
families not so much for me because I do
I empathize with the pain of the families
because it has happened to me many times
Unfortunately, we have to give the serious news of
death but I apologize for the
super chat
I wish Mira bothered me more about that m
I don't know what the hell it was called, it's not there
nonsense about alopecia. Hey, many
Thanks for the five euros, Javier.
If one day I need to go to
Türkiye I'll tell you but with five euros
I tell him no
I think it arrives, I don't think it even stops
the consultation
and for the competition
nor for anything Let's go we had stayed
the cousin is worth it, he is a character
also quite fundamental in the
history and let us not forget that
also testifies as a witness question
Jose this is in Spain or also in the
same equal is the same No
It is in Spain but they come from Italy
I was in the house and forgive me for the
quality but I haven't found better
This is Raquel's cousin.
I didn't touch anything
has seen a computer that was
computer an open computer there
He had a fixed computer there too.
I had it around there
[Music]
laptops but I really don't
I established what there was or was not a prosecutor's office
that in a report prepared
The prosecution has verified that several
files, folders and other documents
[Music]
and they claim that the only person
who claims that I was not in the
atomic forensics say that the only
person who is not in high school
before
For me, they sign it, it's a lie.
I was the only one who entered that room
Biondo family Raquel Sánchez Silva and I
I am more of an official. You know that.
you have to pick them up
that eye what it says I signed and it is
false lie
who who recommends them to do
these or rather because there would not be either
nothing happened because he says it wasn't or whatever
I don't think I would have changed either.
Who recommends that you tell this?
true it is not like that I think that not because
Javi told you that before
I have been in rooms where I believe
that if they did not come from the environment in which
both she and her cousin are coming
would have fallen on them
at least they would have opened them
proceedings
for false testimony and probably
for obstruction of justice because
Come on, it seems like before to me because
nor the way to complicate your life
because it is not because you say
Well then you are making a fake
testimony with the intention of covering
made to cover the other but of itself one thing
affirm one thing and on top of that in the tones
in those who do not do it, it does not change
nothing, that is because it really is that good
Imagine no Hey but I didn't have to
would have changed no, that is, it is not a fact
that you say, let's see, maybe I'll
something escapes, of course. It's that then as
The prosecution proved that what he says
It is uncertain what is coming next
The prosecution is there to make him fall into his
own contradictions in case you have to
take legal action against him
Why? Because he, for example,
At first he denies it but then admits it
that installs control software
remote on that Mario computer too
recognizes when he had not been recognized
until then well the only thing that is true
He says when you continue with the video you will see
who says that when they ask him And how
but it does seem that there was an activity in
Mario's computer From that control
remote from your [ __ ] house's WiFi
that of Plasencia of this gentleman and then
yes he says he doesn't remember then
we return to selective memory when
we are interested or can be incriminated by a
fact that is in this case deductive
because one obviously cannot get involved
on anyone's computer In fact by
that when even she and he speak
Both tell them if they changed the password
They try it. Then they stay like that.
Well, I don't think so, it wasn't modified.
because the fact of
force a computer when entering
Obviously it has been a crime of
agreement yes but if not if it does not exist
The Good if Mario isn't in this
moment In this case the software was
installed before death who is
would take care of chasing that If someone does it
wants to sue the family
no because in the end and depending on what
finally
be polished on that computer Because if that
For example, it covers up a death by
give you an example you are trying
delete I'm talking about a case
supposed eh I'm not saying that was what
It happened but I'm telling you that
Imagine what you are trying to do
erasing is something
to third parties in that case you would be
covering up or you would be co-authoring
some form of that crime for example
of murder in this case we do not know
therefore your obligation if you are
declaring before the courtroom
better maybe the cousin Maybe
They deleted photos because there were photos there
that she was a cousin then
He is saying that he signs the minutes of
delivery of the deceased's effects and is
lie, the only one who signs it is Raquel
because we have had access to the document
Furthermore, I see them as very badly advised.
because look how simple it would have been
been like that Look listen to me
On top of that I had a bunch of photos of
your personal things or photos
intimate between them and
[ __ ] did not block our minds and
We thought about deleting it because we didn't want to
that it was not investigated in any way
You know it and that's it, you know it, look at you.
But what needs if not, well, I signed
One thing that has not been signed I know that that
You'll see later and he hasn't signed, damn it
It cannot be verified, he was so calm
that is, the ring, the watch and I signed in
the documentation together with Raquel
and be careful, the clock is important
It is important because it is as easy as
look at the photos of Mario that are in the
internet in the apartment to see if someone
see Mario's watch
or not
the prosecution
check that several were deleted
files folders
photo
video and I don't remember anything else
worked only on this computer
about the nec No I was always Raquel
[Music]
It is once the computer is connected
I tell you, you can enter certain
areas There are many forms And from
There they give you the remote control and I
I can operate directly
[Music]
I don't remember who it was, if it was Raquel.
or if he ordered it to be turned on I don't remember.
I know I did it remotely because
besides I was in pleasure
Maybe Raquel did that, not me.
I remember that I don't remember everything
That's what we're talking about two years ago.
years and a half I know that the installation of
I made that remote control software
remotely
internet tapping in some areas and such
it's easy
perform that installation
I connected, I don't remember, but I
love, I'm talking, I'm sure
The information is given in Galicia
all of me
It's called doing the cobra but it's not
because the seventh of July The Seventh of
Julio has been one who has verified that
there is a connection with that computer
So
maybe it was the day before just
I left maybe because
It was via Placencia to La Coruña.
better fly the computer alone
No
I don't know that it's just that there is
things that are insulting insult the
intelligence of any person already already
I'm not talking about researchers, I'm talking about
Well, from any of your followers
when you are now watching it not in
direct is insulting that someone does
that kind of
statement and that it does not have any type
of legal consequence
So what happens is that there are citizens of
first and second class citizens or how
This works, which is what it is sometimes
I have to see why. For what?
would have had consequences it has what it has
They have to report the family, no, yes
the family does not report ex officio it is not
It's all true because even the prosecutor's office
that was investigating it could have opened
official proceedings yes but if not
does what he can do what he could have done
the family too No yes but you know what
What happens in general I'm going to tell you and
It is a reality that they are not usually instructed
proceedings for false testimony in court
normally unless
that there are interests such as payment of costs
etc. and such that can harm him
pocket of the other again does not usually
be
Unfortunately because I consider that
if there were more convictions to this effect,
people would think twice before
one as a witness to say certain things
as if he believed that it would not happen to him
nothing
in this case incredible and the and the
watch that also your followers and
followers have been commenting on it
a lot and Jose has also been very
right of course
In addition I made a second report on
This clock issue I want to say that
the clock that was also a I think I remember
a good brand is the same I'm not going to
talk about the brand but a very brand
concrete face that had been a gift
Also according to Mario's family
Raquel during the wedding
This video there is this watch the cousin says
that he signs but in reality we have
since he doesn't sign but he remembers
Curiously, I don't know, I don't know if there hasn't been
signed How it is agreed that it is delivered
that clock
when in the in the in the delivery certificate
does not appear at any time other than the
alliance does not appear the watch but damn
newspaper archive if you go into the photos of
G3 you see among others Raquel hugging with
her current husband and with an identical watch
on her wrist
no no he can do what he can
stay
his photos
but if they do not deliver it theoretically
official way that does Well then it should
be another identical and also of sex
male of the same color and such. Well
It could be that maybe he liked buying it
I don't know about the other one, but it was the same one.
exactly the same watch model and
that would have cost to have
investigated if it was the clock because as
You know, besides, those brands are very happy.
so expensive they record the purchase and have
very direct control over the purchase
of those watches no Well then
I made a second report also on
this little topic is the clock
but of course it is clear and when you do
your work clearly shows that
when I have done it and I have been decorated
On several occasions by resolution of
high-profile homicides in our country
country
so I'm a decorated police officer but
when it turns out that I have been an expert in one
because I am a conspiracy theorist of sorts
of the crazy person that I dedicate myself to
spread conspiracy ideas or something like that
The style seems curious to me that for a
side with decoration and on the other
has been defamed in this way I return to
repeat Javier I don't give a damn
people's opinion because if not, no
I would do the work I do, I care about the
families I care about families because
I repeat again, they are the real ones
victims the person who has died
Unfortunately he is no longer the victim.
because it is not there but the families are
They are and deserve respect until
finally the truth is known and for
greet them and let them know that in May they will
presented
two complaints to be exact in one
investigating court of Madrid
that if they were accepted for processing, they would not
There is no reason to think that it is not
would lead to the opening of the
preliminary proceedings and therefore to a
research in Spain finally when
what should have been done at the time was not done
for the most profane or interested in
say but a case cannot be reopened
which has been dismissed freely
definitely true but yes they can
there should be new proceedings because it is
that there was a private investigation of
a detective agency that thank goodness
These reports never reached the hands
from the production company that made the
documentary
but
more news gentlemen producers have not
had access to those reports but let's see
that he didn't understand it but another other one or other thing
other issues will be investigated
different not because I understand that it is not
you can judge twice, that is, you can't
return to play or already judged not careful
Here we never played to open a case anymore
closed as it is closed by Mario and
never played for homicide here
investigated in quotes because it is not
He investigated a shitty judicial death
I mean any uncertified death
as natural or unnatural in our
country that's why it's called judicial committee
when one is the doctor who goes with the
ambulance or the family doctor or
in the hospital if you do not declare that death
and does not certify it as natural or
pathologically in the history of that
person what happens is a death
judicial and that is when we intervene
judicial police, the coroner and the judge and
That's why in this case it never stops
the mistake of many smart people and
smart or I don't say many because they are
very few people who seem to
never make an interested echo about this
was persecuted here in Spain
This case is not for a crime but
It was simply a matter of knowing that there was
happened with the death of this boy from
I agree and I know how to say it again
asset
incredibly quickly without giving
the opportunity nor and violating and
violating and I'm going to say it clearly
the right of the family because it had
both right the family How
the widow to solve
not only that they were going to clarify their doubts
but the family, the mother and the father
They asked His Lordship that they had
doubts and wanted
[Music]
that they were heard in testimony and
They were denied even that
and one thing he told me is that this is in
clear May, or so it was just a hair's breadth away
prescribed
years are 20 years helped me from 2013
because it is murder But also But
besides
These are crimes or alleged crimes
those who have appeared in court
that could have a stake or
a direct or indirect correlation with
the facts that are never reported here
investigated That means that it is not
They can deny an opening unless
Your Honor says you see no evidence
enough to motivate a
opening of proceedings which I
It seems quite Iberian-like but it is
TRUE
that since the problems we have had
of the civil servants' strikes
justice and such Well that's obviously not it
is favoring the speed of Pues de
know if you are accepted for processing or not
proceedings these complaints in this case
I don't want to keep you any longer, my friends.
Time has passed but as if
It would have been half an hour but we have been
almost two and a half hours I don't want to stop
but little else had remained in me
inkwell okay I was just going to put it
Here's Oscar as I see him
calm down no and what and what and what is
relaxed Well I wanted to put three here or
four such statements from others
colleagues but we will leave it for
another time because because we have been
done too late okay
And that from the appreciation that I have for them.
to Malaska and Nacho yes but let's see what
The professionals we have
respect and we can beat each other up like that
This is what people don't understand
[Music]
They are not that clear I see it says that
They are very short, you are in a hurry
like a little in the air not because it has
These three caught the attention in
private to see if it is true that no
They are not direct mentions, no, but they are
disagreements no Joana I have respect for you
incredible both as a journalist and
criminologist for the case of Marta del
Castle, that is to say for me there you know me
has won but it is true that here
has a very different opinion than the
yours Oscar and says
start start start I was in
Raquel Sánchez Silva and Mario's house
screen now after it happened no
I had never told it before but I think it has
when the time came I was after that
the police had taken the
body and I didn't see any scenario of
violence
I sensed that he had been drinking that night
other things that we found and that to me
They justified me that it was a
accident like David Carradín had or
the inxs singer in a car episode
erotic oxygen limitation I mean
puts me here in a scenario that I don't know
had crossed our minds to
we all night long man to me
It seems very curious to raise that
stage without the body being present
It doesn't seem almost Martian to me
precisely I would call myself the
attention also
have you seen that there in that in that in that
In that one there is a tweet of mine, a video, a
video Sorry Okay so there was a tweet there
mine and they called me both his wife and him
to please delete it and me
They explained that it has been very hard, I say.
I have not been tough. Let's see, it's that I
seems
almost insulting that after so many
years well why didn't you tell him in 2013
Now you mind saying it now why
Why first point one because because
If you already talk about alcohol and such, don't you
You realized that you have so much expertise
that the beers were alcohol-free
Why do you say there was tobacco if there wasn't any?
there were and there were the photos.
I have posted them on my channel it is clean
as if the woman had passed by
cleaning everything
also up to below you know when you
You put the water until there is not even the
watermark under the bottle nor
from the carpet collected the carpet
collected the collected cables
Precisely what is striking is
that there is no scenario of
violence was spoken of that being
hanging on the shelf would have been
logical not almost 100% as to as to
convulse or lodge whatever it is that
would have caused at least one
the fall of the figurine from the books
But think about one thing Javier, but it is that
Also, something that is obvious, I don't know
I don't know why
that when they take Mario's body
They also wear the scarf then
based on what he says there is no
symptoms of violence based on what
that
Of course, but that's not it, it's also another thing
thing They always talk about they always talk about
They say the theme of the auto erotic game
erotic game that everyone knows
It's about, I mean, I'm going to hang myself or I'm going to half you.
you hang yourself so that this lack of oxygen
makes you reach orgasm with more
force with more power I don't know what
history but to reach orgasm
First you will have to provoke yourself
the orgasm I mean no one does
an erotic game with pajamas on
with underwear on and without
do nothing or the most normal thing
that they caught him inside a closet with
a belt and with a girl because there was
a girl with him I think it was
in Indonesia or in a country has been a
review a scene
somewhere not Or is provoking you
apart but let's go by parts because yes
It's not when people get confused
first
and they even called me to
To apologize I want to say No because
I said, let's see, enough, enough because
If I don't give you a hard time, why? Because I
I am part of the cause
currently and you are giving your opinion
with a case that was closed in a month and a half
and without information because there is no information
information balls then based on
What I wonder if that person doesn't
would have been Raquel Sánchez's husband
Silva if there were so many opinion makers and
opinion-makers as there have been in this case
Why when I speak I try to underline
or even put on the table by
above the case of Mario or any other
another one is Deborah's and no one ever has
interest in him and it is Dantesque no one has
interest as the famous girl was not
familiar but clear
Why, well, I don't know, but
Of course, I find it very hard that people
that I respect a lot, just like you, Javier
because it has
This death is related to Rachel although
whether indirectly by the fact that
having been Mario's wife man
people who have a better opinion than you
I really know, I don't know
would occur to give an opinion for example about the case of
Marta del Castillo Let's see when you have
seen a single statement of mine from a
case that I have not studied or have not
analyzed and I have not taken
So you have to be much more
prudent
Then Carles Porta is also here
The Palermo judges have said that
there could be indications of murder but
as it has been so many years since it happened
There is where to go and they close the case.
I think that's a very good answer
politics and in a certain point very ugly that
It gives the mother a little bit of reason
that she is Italian and gives a lot of ass to
Raquel what what what as if wanting to say
There is something there, you can see it, well, there is something
investigate it, [ __ ], don't throw it away.
stone and hide your hand has always
said that there was one that was a murder
Yes but I don't think so but oh well
You think not
you will treat this case is a case that
I have tried radio in Catalonia but no more
which is a Catalan program
that now
and now
In Spanish I believe in Catalan no no
no and many and many people from our country
and has seen it No but look at Carlas
to whom we have much affection and
we have talked
In the end I recently sent him his book in
my book to his house and I said, Hey, don't you
It doesn't matter that even if I have you, I have you
beaten up on Twitter for this nonsense
What did you say you want, not that I send you?
the book that man Oscar please is
I believe that one thing does not take away from the other.
that you do take Carlas's statement and
you stop it at the moment it says
The judge finally takes it and says, "There you go."
signs of murder but I can't
demonstrate I mean of course not
It can't be blamed on anyone because otherwise
As I said, they would already be charged but
Now those phrases of I believe, I have an opinion
I think
They would have to save because later if
then in the future what can happen
get to happen that
we are waiting for it
For example, I will call Carlos and
I will read what happens Carlos, there will be
We say Now we have to go out and
cool off good to see while not
have a problem doing crazy Well but
It's just that we are not talking about fixing it
we are not giving our opinion on a car's engine
while it is done I think it will
can give your opinion while it is in this
form for example okay OK but what
But let's see what Carla knows or what she knows.
I don't know, but they will know soon.
moment that thanks to having been about
followed freely and definitively
This detective agency that returns to
repeat has written three good reports
not two and a third is on the way
and is now available for your use
lordship in Madrid
It can raise many little surprises because
Of course, I give my opinion with what I have, I don't give my opinion
What I don't know is what is being done is
which is also understandable of course
I'm not angry about the opinion, I say it is
a little cautious or be clear to give your opinion
whatever they want but a case that
still as much as people believe that
It is closed and it is not Because
while there is a private investigation
which is just as legitimate as one of
job
Then if there is circumstantial evidence it is
when a judge determines what the [ __ ] this is
It wasn't what I thought then.
the obligation to make the police or
the specific group that decides its
Your Honor, investigate the new facts
brought before the court and I warn
I warn and inform because people do it
unknown
that the evidence presented by them
private detectives have qualifications
test
qualified Then let people go
putting those concepts in because they don't
has well inserted in the fontanelle and
can cause a lot of legal problems for
many people So please what
to give your opinion is free but also listen to
Those who know, for example, I am
Journalists have every right to
to give an opinion, to say, to think But they are not
professionals in the world of crime
let us forget
Here we have the thing is that of course
we have what is known, what is known
summary of Italy closed But there is
an investigation there with three reports
as they know it, that is, we know it
We don't know what's in that
information we might take with us
surprise to see what Malasca says he
seen the performances of our
I saw an autopsy and Mario committed suicide.
little life is already the whole life of
with an incomplete hanging what is
incomplete rock formation was called
consumed drugs
and there is no doubt about that, that is all
These stories of very daring plus lacquer
eh or whatever
are
I have no doubt about that in a
given moment
I have no doubt about that, no
does not decide directly, there is no opinion
freely
It is more
that Manu in chapter 13 of my book
authorized me to publish in my book
authorized by him in person a letter
in a blog dedicated to the prosecutor of the
Cristina Ortiz's case in another case
when he tried to ask for two years in prison
for journalist Cruz Morcillo and another
partner and I taking advantage of the fact that I saw that
This prosecutor who was opposed to the
opening of Cristina's case
absolutely strange and out of character form
I have normally been able to publish thanks to
Manu my book in his letter and it turns out that
It's the same prosecutor, I mean that I
I have no problem with Them
professionals but if I have to
say you were wrong because you couldn't
you should or should not have done one
similar segregation because in the end yes
what happens is what may happen
What looks bad is him, not me or anyone else.
But be careful I also have to say how
I think it's Marlaska's hand that doesn't
will have no problem saying that
has been mistaken if the opposite is shown
the problem with the with the with the
forcefulness not to say
I have had full access to the
documentation No, I know then of course
That's where he is and I
I would ask and what documentation do you have
had because if not even
The Italian courts reached
have it complete if I have always been there
incomplete cause
Well, I don't know what they will come and do then.
Say I have the report from group 6 of
homicides and I have the ocular inspection
and I have all the photographs
those that show a hanging groove
posterior not compatible with one or one
walk ahead Then please a
little bit of please that wouldn't occur to me
my opinion on anything they
do
I ask you to be a little cautious above all
Let me express my admiration in advance, which is
that one thing has nothing to do with
the other that no one is perfect that
every now and then I'm the first one to put in
the leg and it's not the first time I ask
sorry now well normally I try
not to put my foot in it when I'm talking
I have sometimes put in a murder
leg when I make a twitter opinion of
a topic that has nothing to do with a
murder but that does not harm either
to no one, no matter how it can be
invincibility that we sometimes talk about
all not as it can be because when it happened
Betty's thing is born or with now with
the issue of what he called you about
accident to leave pregnant
person no Then
I want to say about this Well we can
to be wrong or for one day to be more
briefly and say Hey, since today I have
said Look apologized to your followers
because this week I'm caught
especially pissed off And it's not usually
my tone but it already tires me a little because it
has become the internet no it is not true
we needed a little we are in three
gossip No but really
But if you had the tweets sometimes that
I have seen and not cases like mine eh
I just interviewed myself the other day, man.
that for me it is a boy to always be
with the topic of cancer since well
which has also achieved a milestone that is not
has anyone managed to interview
No more, no less. The only person accused of
of crime and
while we were talking they were
questioning Who it is and came to explain
in the same interview that is that
his mother being about to die
insulting his mother wished him the
death, that is, he was threatened with death
to these extremes the people who believe themselves
that from their little houses they feel
unharmed So let them go with a lot
Be careful because it is neither the first nor the
the last one to take him to court
to make certain statements in
the internet, people who express their opinions freely
as long as you do not commit a crime
then come carefully because no
It's the first one I've taken to the
courts and I'm not saying it for myself, eh?
I have taken them to court many times
for projects against third parties
that what matters least to me I return to
repeat It's that they tell me either bald or
that I have big or small balls
That's what matters least to me
But when it comes to men, it's that
It's true Javier, before I
I asked José today.
I say, hey, I don't know anything, Javi, such
but I was watching your videos a bit and
such Hey and I love your thing but but
[ __ ] today we are going to talk about this topic and
What I do not consent to is that Bueno comes
I swear to you, what about this barnacle that has
said what he said about the subject and on top of that he donated
five euros I swear to you that is something that
I'm going to write it down because it cracked me up
of laughter and it is something
But I hope I don't tell you Javier de
True, eh. You'll get to know me. I hope so.
all the attacks were clowns like
those because in the end that doesn't hurt
none
family who have murdered one
person must know how to read the environment
also if we are in this live today
that I had read two or three is the typical
idiot today I wouldn't know how to tell you that
It is done sometimes yes that I already have them very
profiles that for today's profiler
criminal and they do exactly the same thing in
Twitter here you block them all
sites try to break in insult
journalists to judges to prosecutors but
They are stupid And it is that one day They
It's going to cost a lot, that's because apart
[ __ ], I think it's almost a live show
very interesting that if you have that type
In terms of behavior, I understand that
3,000 or 4,000 people who have been in
the chat tonight there will have been three who
They make mistakes because they are funny
Okay, but damn, it's because of three people
They're going to pay a lot, look, look at everything
contrary see everything contrary by
example read this comment very
interesting Teresa Fuente López I since
then also my experience working
in a provincial police brigade
scientist a few good years after the
photographs that I have been able to see do not
seems compatible with a suicide. These
These are comments from professional ladies
and gentlemen, okay? And if that same comment
This partner's case would also be the other way around.
I would respect it and I could refute it, okay?
I would ask based on cae because there is
a two-way attraction and then
above we have but she already knows how to see it
because those of us who have seen many many
bodies in that state the first sentence
what would we tell ourselves
true companion it would be that they have told us
hanging that would be the one we would say to ourselves
between us Then a little bit of
respect because we are talking about a
person who will never be among you again
we a broken and shattered family and
It's the only thing I don't consent to, so why
Please five euros, not 20 more, so that way
Hold on for five euros that he sends with No
On the contrary, please donate some.
how many more because look at the truth that
not bald but maybe here look here
probably
The day I go bald, I'll shave it.
and that's it, man, it was absurd, José, you
He has more and more hair instead of less
as when
Indians like the cowboy movie
Listen to me, we are both jewels in
Brute, delighted to have you here this morning
evening
Jose with you already Well we know each other in
person we are friends Oscar I didn't have you
Nice to meet you, the truth is that I
Opa has surprised us well and Bueno here
SEO is interested and my entire channel is therefore
You have your house for whatever you need and
any move you need
you see that it is in my hands. Well, here I am.
You already have my contact, you already have my contact.
meet and thank you very much for coming
We are waiting for this weekend
video that you promised us. Hey, now
that we are already in your
gossip show and Hey posted a tweet
that people didn't want to say in case you
It bothered me But I
I have already put it on purpose to puncture
Eh, well okay because I was going to tell you
present the principle
It's true and I did this on purpose
because like two years ago or more they said
Even in programs like these
gossip said that I had been
proposed and it is practically fine for me
that it was certain that he was going to enter
survivors and it was absolutely false
Okay, but this time it's true.
that they offered me to enter Big Brother
VIP
matter of a few weeks and I have put one
kind of Twitter poll
just to see the reactions of
people and let them know that they know that
although the voting has not yet ended
I'll tell you in advance that the answer was no.
You all got it right, most of it. Let's go.
When I was about to start it, I stopped it.
Since we didn't trust each other, I was going to
say
Oscar Tarruela
criminologist police at home and
possible Big Brother contestant
[Laughs]
Hey, well, I think that I think that the one who
They thought it with whoredom, I mean
they owed this bastard that people cliché
immediately this one that makes a profile of
anxiety can you give us a game of the
milk I think and not as it says
Jose, I don't mince words.
They must have thought it must be a good idea
and I also imagine that because I was the
Monica Naranjo's ex who is very
rescued
It is that at least since we are in the
salsa and today I got a little pissed off with
the topic of some of some
individuals or individuals who are dedicated to
times on Twitter and on social media
This Well also Hey
We can ask for Monica Naranjo and
Everything is clear here what it has
YouTube This is just out of time.
Limit can tell you one thing
super important or not whatever you want
Sure, but I'm going to blow you up.
very important and that is that neither she nor I
taught her to investigate nor I to sing
holy [ __ ], huh?
the same condition
I do have to say that
Not long ago paparazzi told me that
I had been following my ex and it's more
He's a guy who takes pictures of everything
God and get the exclusives on everything
God and he said to me uncle I was following your
ex and there has been no way I say it is that the
I taught very well, [ __ ]
Monica Naranjo was my platonic love from
the childhood of my adolescence but I
I discovered her in 97 and for me Monica
Naranjo I was a fan of Monica's poster
Naranjo eh I also say it eh Since
talks about Monica Naranjo
The time of year caught me off guard
Natalia
The truth is coming out. Well, I went.
She was his partner during I think we were
together
about 13 years old approximately and
Finally, well, it's almost not
we knew we had become partners
work and I have decided one day
Well, that was not the life that I had
liked it and that I never abandoned
despite what people did not know,
world of crime I always continued the
teaching continues
in this in this work and in a way
different, or rather, one thing, to be a police officer
judicial and another on leave because it can
be like in my case a judicial expert But
Well, in the end, one decides the life
life that wants to live and I decided that in
I also explain the book in the intro
briefly that after finding some
lumps that were the prelude to cancer
that my mother suffered
I decided to put an end to all that kind of life
that didn't make me happy It just didn't make me
made me happy and
for whoever listens
an artist a famous person is anyone
human being level is any of
we pee, poop, get up
in the mornings he has bad days and
Good morning like all of us and yes
My mother taught me something good and I hope it
learn anyone is that no one is
We are above no one and no one
under no one Then we can do that
think in our head Those are the
complexes of each one but I in time to
people to feel like protagonists
of their own lives and to live everything
what they want to live, not what they want
They have said that it would be good for them to live
Relationships end. So no.
there is no drama
They finish and that's it, they start and they finish.
I've had mine for twenty-something years
It's clear that you're talking to me about
I am from another generation and another era
Here woman
Of course, let's see, I'm still 37.
has had a bit of everything on the program
not today or so this seems to me
impressive and hey I thought it was a
nice closure because we don't have to say it
more slope
frozen
we have to meet more often
I mean
Also I like it a lot because it looks at
Sometimes he tells me I'm not here, Oscar, you who read
when you read and only watch crime series
or just see them obviously sometimes
colleagues send me all kinds of
Professionals send me books of
criminology of law now I am
talking I'm reading one of a kind
jurist of the penitentiary world who is
great friend of mine But I try eh try
disconnect tried to live in a world
very different from what I do because if not
would end up in a bad head in fact
book at the beginning I put that it was for
advice from my therapist after
so many years of living with homicides of all kinds
type and especially crimes against minors
to quote that they left me absolutely
destroyed especially the crimes
against minors and in the end
I swear it has been a great therapy
What I like most is that people have
said oysters Oscar I imagined that it was going
to be a book
of simply narrating not just one more part
technique of homicides and we have
found a sensitive person who
suffers with the families he lives with and who is
able to put himself in the place of the
others and it's not me we are a bunch of
comrades who risk our lives in
many times and we do it
heart because we believe that is being
at the Service of the Citizen
So the truth is that I have returned to
once back to my origins I am happy that's how it is
It is a life of sacrifice but I believe
that it is worth it above all
for those who are now considering taking the exam
I guarantee you that these are very moments
very violent riots in the streets
but it is a very beautiful profession and that
It also has its rewards for those who
I want to exercise it
Jose you want to say something I that when you
If you want a second part, I don't have one.
problem people who stop when
after the documentary is released
to see what has become of the documentary and
to comment on it so I'm going to take them
the word to the people and I will invite you
new that by the way apart from Oscar
I'm going to go up there this weekend.
video that we will be watching and
we will relate
just today Jose we were in the
notary
Because my father passed away in April, it gave me
It's a shame I couldn't
see my book because even though I know
which would have been a little hard for him
because in some chapter he appears because
He was, in addition to being a great person,
businessman who was threatened by ETA and
We were forced into exile because of that
freak
But well, I also talk about a
illness that he had to suffer and that and
that is very hard and I have seen it in
other people and died after 20 days 20
days before
launching the book was therefore a
launch that even though we are going
near the third edition has been little
As I would say, a little bittersweet, not because
One side I'm seeing that has a
impact and people's messages
They are very pretty but on the other hand it has been
a bit of a bittersweet and fair sanction
Today we are at the notary's office because we are doing
Well, what had to be done was the
the subject of the will that he made
time that we had it was not good
pending between the brothers Because
is still very affected and today it has
done because it had to be done and
In the end that has prevailed but oh well
This weekend I have been there for many times
I commit Joseph and
I'm so sorry, Oscar, about your father.
and I'm sorry The truth is I'm all my
condolences I was going to say that José also
has a very nice thing pending that
we talked this afternoon
He wants me to tell it
It is a special program about this case
but very very very very very very very very very
worked so you have to subscribe
so much to Oscar Tarruela that I have put it
the channel is both channels fixed
You all have to subscribe to
the channels of these two machines for
follow the case and follow them
And gentlemen, I don't know if you want to say something.
more to say goodbye
I think tonight for tonight
well
I didn't know you but you had spoken to me very well
Good for you Jose and that's why tonight for
Of course not, I haven't doubted it for a single moment.
second But that's because it has been this yes
arrives if another equal arrives
It's true, he told me, look, Oscar isn't
the typical win like ours but
I really advise you, you're going to be very
at ease and it is very good how to focus the
topics So I haven't needed more
that's not it but the video the video in
reality it's not going to be very long it's going to be
be a very specific video because
for those who want to see the topic of the
what was already done in the past with the
Mario's case she already did it on my channel
You will see that it is divided into several
chapters to follow along
rhythm and also on the Channel of
exactly the same and on top of that he has done it
expanded a lot because it has done
interviews
many actors in the equation but my
claim is that
even the other day a great friend who
He is a YouTuber but he also has a channel
from Twitch but with one of millions
followers but but I stayed
I say crazy, but how do you have so many?
followers and she is a girl named Chío
She is a girl who plays and also plays
Curiously, crime themes but in
Twitch then has an impact
that I didn't know and the only thing that
asked everyone the same as José to the
What I really appreciate and value is that
if you feel like it if you feel like it if when you see the
video do you see it convenient that it
spread in
direct as the others believe
Yes, so that I can comment on it, I will.
react safely
people have their point of view because
What I'm going to do is a video
of prediction of what I think will happen
you will see in that documentary and what not
It will be seen and I will do it as if by points
It is worth noting that we have also commented on it
you can stop like Javi did before
and that you can comment on whatever you want and
I warn you that there are things that I don't know
they had not said or spoken until now but
the time has come for that to happen
in motion that has been made that I
It seems so from my point of view
tainted by that in my burofax so it is
I put it seems to me that everything is corrupted.
It seems that it has no kind of
sense that it would have been for
much that he calls himself a manager
whoever carried it out and whoever was
the producer
This documentary then no. Well then.
I think that knowing where they are going
shots like this so I will do it if I am wrong in
Something then I must have been wrong and not
I will have no qualms whatsoever
recognize it but
Unfortunately I think I'm going to
make very little mistake
Well, we'll be watching, guys.
said ok subscribe to both channels
I'm now going to the little one
Many thanks to all of you who
had accompanied me all night I ask you
Please hit him last
squeeze that we are about to reach
The 100,000 on this channel It's true
I've been seeing that they were doing it to you
saying but but let's see, it's nothing
On this channel we are very close to reaching
the 100,000 So
to your girlfriend to your father to
your brother
that we are about to and nothing a pleasure
having accompanied you tonight see you
in the next one a kiss family A kiss
buddy
a hug and thank you very much